“I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.”
“It is an absolute human certainty that no one can know his own beauty or perceive a sense of his own worth until it has been reflected back to him in the mirror of another loving, caring human being.”
“If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: in love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are.”
“I choose to love you in silence… For in silence I find no rejection, I choose to love you in loneliness… For in loneliness no one owns you but me, I choose to adore you from a distance… For distance will shield me from pain, I choose to kiss you in the wind… For the wind is gentler than my lips, I choose to hold you in my dreams… For in my dreams, you have no end.”
“your hand touching mine. this is how galaxies collide.”
“Your memory feels like home to me. So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you.”
“…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you. Some people might find that strange. But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.”
“the saddest thing is to be a minute to someone, when you've made them your eternity.”
“You fell in love with a storm. Did you really think you would get out unscathed?”
“There is an ocean of silence between us… and I am drowning in it.”
“My heart made it's choice, and it chose you.”
“I wish I knew how to quit you.”
“I meant it when I said I didn’t believe in love at first sight. It takes time to really, truly fall for someone. Yet I believe in a moment. A moment when you glimpse the truth within someone, and they glimpse the truth within you. In that moment, you don’t belong to yourself any longer, not completely. Part of you belongs to him; part of him belongs to you. After that, you can’t take it back, no matter how much you want to, no matter how hard you try.”
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible, isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defenses. You build up this whole armor, for years, so nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life… You give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you, or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. Love takes hostages. It gets inside you. It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so a simple phrase like "maybe we should just be friends" or "how very perceptive" turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. It hurts. Not just in the imagination. Not just in the mind. It's a soul-hurt, a body-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. Nothing should be able to do that. Especially not love. I hate love.”
“You are damaged and broken and unhinged. But so are shooting stars and comets.”
“Get up, Shahrzad al-Khayzuran. You kneel before no one. Least of all me.”
“That’s what it feels like when you touch me. Like millions of tiny universes being born and then dying in the space between your finger and my skin. Sometimes I forget.”
“a flower knows, when its butterfly will return, and if the moon walks out, the sky will understand; but now it hurts, to watch you leave so soon, when I don't know, if you will ever come back.”
“I love my parents' murderer; I suppose I could love anyone.”
“If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard. And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart.”
“i want to be in love with you the same way i am in love with the moon with the light shining out of its soul.”
“If you’re searching for a quote that puts your feelings into words – you won’t find it. You can learn every language and read every word ever written – but you’ll never find what’s in your heart. How can you? He has it.”
“When you experience loss, people say you’ll move through the 5 stages of grief…. Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance ….. What they don’t tell you is that you’ll cycle through them all every day.”
“I think perhaps I will always hold a candle for you – even until it burns my hand. And when the light has long since gone …. I will be there in the darkness holding what remains, quite simply because I cannot let go.”
“Nothing is more tragic than loving someone to the depths of your soul and knowing they cannot and will not ever love you back.”
“It’s painful, loving someone from afar. Watching them – from the outside. The once familiar elements of their life reduced to nothing more than occasional mentions in conversations and faces changing in photographs….. They exist to you now as nothing more than living proof that something can still hurt you … with no contact at all.”
“To fall in love with someone's thoughts - the most intimate, splendid romance.”
“I had someone once who made every day mean something. And now…. I am lost…. And nothing means anything anymore.”
“She's an old soul with young eyes, a vintage heart, and a beautiful mind.”
“Not only did I love her, but I could tell the universe loved her, too. More than others. She was different. After all; I would be a fool not to notice the way the sunshine played with her hair.”
“Tell me every terrible thing you ever did, and let me love you anyway.”
“I miss that feeling of connection. Knowing he was out there somewhere thinking about me at the same time I was thinking about him.”
“In this story I am the poet You're the poetry.”
“For some people, “the point of no return” begins at the very moment their souls become aware of each others’ existence.”
“He was both everything I could ever want… And nothing I could ever have…”
“Though these words will never find you, I hope that you knew I was thinking of you today….. and that I was wishing you every happiness. Love Always, The girl you loved once.”
“The last time I felt alive – I was looking into your eyes. Breathing your air…. touching your skin… … Saying goodbye…. The last time I felt alive…. I was dying.”
“I raised you so high that every other man on earth is now doomed to live in your shadow.”
“It’s difficult for me to imagine the rest of my life without you. But I suppose I don’t have to imagine it  I just have to live it”
“Why wouldn’t you tell someone you loved them? Once you loved someone, you repeated it until they were tired of hearing it. You said it until it ceased to have meaning. Why not? Of course, you goddamn did.”
“Who am I to deny gravity, Aurora? When you shine brighter than any constellation in the sky?”
“I would court you, with all the grace and courtesy that you deserve,”
“If you walked away from a toxic, negative, abusive, one-sided, dead-end low vibrational relationship or friendship — you won.”
“He touched my soul long before I knew what his hands felt like.”
“I long for you; I who usually longs without longing, as though I am unconscious and absorbed in neutrality and apathy, really, utterly long for every bit of you.”
“I'm done. I don't need anything more out of life. I have you, and that's enough.”
“Those freckles make you seem like a galaxy of stars, just waiting to be explored and loved.”
“I didn’t love you to seek revenge. I didn’t love you out of loneliness or unhappiness. I didn’t love you for any of the misguided reasons that time might convince you I did. I just loved you because you’re you.”
“You're every street I've ever walked. You're the tree outside my window, you're a sparrow as he flies. You're the book that I am reading. You're every poem I've ever loved.”
“Not words. nor laughter. but rather someone who will fall in love with your silence.”
“I had embraced you  long before i hugged you.”
“Your smile and your laughter lit my whole world.”
“تقولين لي أنك تخافين الحب لماذا تخافينه يا صغيرتي ؟ أتخافين نور الشمس ؟ أتخافين مدّ البحر ؟ أتخافين طلوع الفجر ؟ أتخافين مجيء الربيع؟ لماذا يا ترى تخافين الحب ؟”
“ so i will greet you in a way all loved things are meant to be greeted with a tear in my heart and a poem in my eye.”
“The absence of a message sometimes is a presence of one.”
“Love has the power to create an inviting space in the lives of people. But if daily routine kills dreamy or passionate thoughts, the constraint of the room may become oppressive and the emptiness unbearable. The room loses then its original fullness and turns into a place of nothingness. ( " Another empty room" )”
“how is it that he's always in my thoughts. even when i am not thinking.”
“I think it's hard for you to fall in love because you like control, and you can't control what another person does or feels, so you keep all your cards.”
“She was knowingly punishing herself. That was the only reasonable explanation. There was no use in acting naive. What happened earlier in the day was proof that she was going to give in to his flirtation. It appeared she'd thrown caution to the wind and opened her arms to embrace everything that could go wrong in her life. What's one more problem to add to the pile?”
“My love is meatloaf flavored. I just wish my meatloaf was also meatloaf flavored.”
“I love you," he murmured into my hair. "You are my night and stars, the fate I would fix myself to in any life.”
“I am a wild woman. it would take a warrior to tame my spirit.”
“The truth is I do love you. Admitting that means opening myself up to all that pain when you leave. After you realize this wasn’t love, but gratitude.”
“I wanted a love thick with time, as inscrutable as if a lathe had carved it from night and as familiar as the marrow in my bones. I wanted the impossible, which made it that much easier to push out of my mind.”
“sometimes i don't know, which moment which cool gust of wind will come, and enchant me tousling my hair and my heart, stirring that familiar ache of poetry, which drop will kiss the old wrench in my soul reminding me, all over again i miss you better in the rain.”
“You want to be free. You also want to be mine. You can't be both.”
“Real love ought to be more like a tree and less like a flower. That's the kind of love my parents had. Not so consuming and more everlasting. And you see that tree over there? Now it's only showing green leaves, but during the spring it's covered in flowers. Because as reliable as trees are, they can also speak of beauty and passion.”
“Love is the most beautiful of dreams and the worst of nightmares.”
“funny how our hearts were designed to love so fiercely. but break ever so gently.”
“When it comes to love do not ever settle for anything less than magical.”
“she was completely whole and yet never fully complete”
“It’s times like this…. when it’s over a year later and I’m still crying over you that I want to turn to you and say: See…. This is why I asked you never to kiss me.”
“Like any / unloved thing, I don’t know if I’m real / when I’m not being touched.”
“Like a child who saves their favourite food on the plate for last, I try to save all thoughts of you for the end of the day so I can dream with the taste of you on my tongue.”
“And I fear that my place gets taken by some other one, very lucky and not too shy, who flirts with your eyes while I’m the one who’s crazy about them.”
“Farsi Couplet: Mun tu shudam tu mun shudi,mun tun shudam tu jaan shudi Taakas na guyad baad azeen, mun deegaram tu deegari English Translation: I have become you, and you me, I am the body, you soul; So that no one can say hereafter, That you are someone, and me someone else.”
“i write because it is the only way i can reach you.”
“i'm glad to be alive in a world where his gently awakening eyes nourish the morning sun.”
“those broken girls have the deepest love.”
“Speak to me: I will spend my lifetime trying to understand you.”
“The way our fingers intertwine feels so natural and right; as if our hands hold memories of meeting in a thousand other lifetimes.”
“Love doesn’t die with death. Love is like liquid; when it pours out, it seeps into others’ lives. Love changes form and shape. Love gets into everything. Death doesn’t conquer all; love does. Love wins every single time. Love wins by lasting through death. Love wins by loving more, loving again, loving without fear.”
“I spend most nights at home falling in love with the idea of you.”
“my love for you will always be like a mountain stream. quiet. persistent. continuous.”
“Icarus should have waited for nightfall, the moon would have never let him go.”
“Do not turn me into restless waters if you cannot promise to be my stream.”
“He looked at me like I was the stars when all I’d ever felt like was the dark nothingness between them.”
“It hurts to let go, to say goodbye for the final time and remain distant in your closure, it may even tear your heart out to the point of insanity; but somehow in it all you find the pieces of your worth and you start creating yourself again, and in that journey of transformation you find the essence of what truly matters, inner happiness. It's life, we all fall at some stage but it's up to you, to decide how long you want to stay there.”
“There will be hatred. There will be war. The country will fight itself to pieces. It will starve its people, ravage its land, poison its breath. Shanghai will fall and break and cry. But alongside everything, there has to be love - eternal, undying, enduring. Burn through vengeance and terror and warfare. Burn through everything that fuels the human heart and Sears it red, burn through everything that covers the outside with hard muscle and tough sinew. Cut down deep and grab what beats beneath, and it is love that will survive after everything else has perished.”
“It was easy to be good and kind in times of plenty. The trying times were the moments that defined a man. And love? Love was something that did much to change a person. It brought joy as it brought suffering, and in turn brought about those moments that defined one’s character. Love gave life to the lifeless. It was the greatest of all living powers. But, as with all things, love had a dark side to it.”
“I think of you only twice a day - when I am alone and when I am with someone else.”
“She was chaos and beauty intertwined. A tornado of roses from divine.”
“I will look for you in every lifetime and love you there.”
“When the darkest part of you meets the darkest part of me, it creates light.”
“She will blaze through you like a gypsy wildfire. Igniting you soul and dancing in its flames. And when she is gone, the smell of her smoke will be the only thing left to soothe you.”
“You think everyone you like is special, she said. I'm just a normal person. When you get to like someone, you make them feel like they're different from everyone else. You're doing it with Nick, you did it with me once.”
“When did you first fall in love?" "I think, I first fell in love when I was in fifth grade with this boy who kept his glass ruler in the sunlight and made rainbows on my desk with it.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“I am looking for the one I can’t fool.”
“You make me thank god for every mistake I ever made, Because each one led me down the path that brought me to you.”
“With callused hands i tasted the softness of the moon in the coldest winds i discovered my soul's warmest fireplace in the roughness of his stubble the tenderest love.”
“I always have many roads to travel, but I take the one which leads to you.”
“I try to do something positive – I socialise more… But deep down I know the truth. An entire world of people can never replace the one that I’ve lost.”
“I can't explain why your name seems so familiar to me, or why it feels like I've heard your voice a thousand times before, but I can explain this ~ your the type of chaos Id bleed for.”
“I hope that someday when I am gone, someone, somewhere, picks my soul up off of these pages and thinks, "I would have loved her.”
“I will speak of love until you go mad and join me in my mad worship of love.”
“I am not a day dreamer, I am a believer, that after every painful love I have gone through, it is just an experience to crack open the deepest parts of my core and allow to me to delve into a passion so rare, that I will find a love that was almost, never meant to be.”
“Sometimes the quietest love is the loudest.”
“Love me like Saturday night, like three glasses of champagne, like the room is spinning, like you're drunk on my love.”
“I remembered you with my soul clenched”
“If you don't love yourself, you won't be happy with yourself. If you can't love yourself, you can't love anyone else. You can't give the love you do not have. You can't make anyone love you without loving yourself first.”
“You can't buy the love you want, you can't sell your love. Love is given by those who deserves it.”
“be the kiss in my hair that no one sees move, when i move sigh, when i sigh  be that line from a poem that i hold in my eyes.”
“She's worth the pain of trying. Worth the risk of failing”
“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
“They say “Follow your heart”…. …. But I can’t follow you where you’re going…”
“For you i have saved poems under my skin.”
“Even when it seems that there is no one else, always remember there's one person who never ceased to love you - yourself.”
“Dancing, at its best, is independence and intimacy in balance.”
“If you can forget the person you love, you have not loved enough.”
“It wasn't exactly love at first sight, but it was deeper than that. A sense of belonging to a place I never knew I wanted but somehow always needed. It was a home that carried a heartbeat.”
“the intensity in your eyes burns my pen as i write.”
“I enjoy the wild things, Call me at 3 am and tell me you're waiting at my door. Give me sunsets in different cities and road trips on dirt tracks not sighted on maps. Whiskey for breakfast & cheap thrills for dinner. Give me happiness in a smile and nothing of certainty but the way we make eachother feel. There so much life in living while you're alive & id give absolutely anything to have it all with you.”
“A girl who travels will need someone that questions her, not too little, and not too much. She’ll need someone to read her, but also really listen to her. Because she’ll want to do the same. She’ll want a person that shares an interest but at the same time stays genuine to who they are. Not drown in a puddle of narcissism. And not drown in a lake of fascination.”
“When we understand people; when we understand situations; when we understand what matters; when we understand the why’s, the what’s and the how’s; when we understand the trigger of actions, we least inflict pain on ourselves and unto others.”
“Even the smallest changes in our daily routine can create incredible ripple effects that expand our vision of what is possible.”
“All relationships have ups and downs. Romantic fantasy often nurtures the belief that difficulties and down times are an indication of a lack of love rather than part of the process. In actuality, true love thrives of the difficulties. The foundation of such love is the assumption that we want to grow and expand, to become more fully ourselves. There is no change that does not bring with it a feeling of challenge and loss. When we experience true love it may feel as though our lives are in danger; we may feel threatened.”
“There is nothing right or wrong in love. Where there is love, then there is nothing but only love.”
“When he looks at me, the way he looks at me  He does not know, what I lack  Or - how - I am incomplete. He sees me, for what I - am, as I am. He's happy - to see me. Every time. Every day.”
“Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.”
“You're the one I like. Maybe love.”
“Her hands crept around his neck, tangling in his hair to keep him closer, even though she knew that beautiful boys with expiration dates couldn't be held, only borrowed for a time.”
“Every night, I laid awake with your memories flooding through my eyes with the hope to be with you when sleep arrived.”
“True love is built on free will and free choice, not control and manipulation.”
“One does not seek love,' she told him, 'it should find you all on it's own”
“He kisses--how do I explain it? Like someone in love. Like he has nothing to lose. Like someone who has just learned a foreign language and can use only the present tense and only the second person. Only now, only you.”
“In love, treat your relationship as if you are growing the most beautiful flower. Keep watering it, tend to its roots, give it lots of sunlight, and always make sure the petals are full of color and are never curling. Once you neglect your plant, it will die, as will your relationship.”
“If your absence doesn't bother them then your presence never mattered to them in the first place”
“I believe in Love, and I know love conquers all.”
“Though it’s reasons to burn may vary  you are always the fuel of my fire.”
“Reveal to me everything you find ugly about yourself, so I can reveal to you everything I find beautiful about you.”
“I know he wasn’t perfect… But he did the best impression of it I’ve ever seen.”
“It is the deepest of wrongs I am driven to write…. And losing you was one of them.”
“I know love is real because her love is visible.”
“He looks like a poem. One of those mournfully beautiful ones with short, unfamiliar words that sound ethereal when spoken and completely nonsensical when thought.”
“I understand we all have our differences. But while learning about history I've read about white people coming together, Jews coming together, Spanish coming together, different cultures and religions understanding and coming together despite their differences. Slavery was never something that shocked me. What shocks me is how black people have not yet overcome the odds and we're such strong smart people. Why we can't just stand together?”
“The way to my heart shattered when you left me, but I was glad because your memories were invulnerable, locked inside my heart.”
“I had always wanted to hear those words. I had always wanted to be your girl.”
“I believe in love at first sight… But it’s not the first moment you lay eyes on a person, it’s the moment you first see the person they truly are.”
“I write what I love. I will not stop – even when my hand hurts…. …. because I cannot stop – even though my heart hurts….”
“I would have followed you to hell and back  if only you'd lead me back.”
“You can run from the truth. You can run and hide from the truth. You can deny and avoid the truth. But you cannot destroy the truth. Nor can you make the lie true. You must know that love will always uncover the truth.”
“Some people come in your life and make you believe that your life is incomplete without them. Then they leave, creating a void in your heart that may fill back with time but will never be complete.”
“Magic existed in his eyes, his energy as he lived his daily life. I could fall into his soul and lay my worries to rest, but if by chance this happened; it wouldn't last the test. because there's much to learn, before we can meet, I want to collide with his heart; allow our souls to fleet. His arms will hold my fears, but he won't carry the load; as it is my lesson to love myself, and find my own sense of hope. When we cross our paths, our knowledge will last the test; as patience fills the air and our burdens are put to rest, I will honour my truth, and seek what I desire; ever lasting love and passion set on fire.”
“I think i should get love inked on my skin. Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.”
“Her love was like lavender, delicate and melancholy.”
“Home for me is not where I am. Home for me is a physical structure where the girl whom I love is sheltered and protected from the incoming storms of life. Home for me is not where I am safe, but where she is safe. Home for me is not where she exists, but where she lives. She is my home.”
“But some relationships aren't meant to last. They are worthy only till the time the two persons involved have time for each other. They do not know eternity. They live for the present, the "now". And when distance plays it part, or life turns out to be busy, they fall apart. And may be that's why they're never termed "LOVE". They simply remain what they were - mere RELATIONSHIPS.”
“I miss your voice because it is a symphony; your scent because it is a treasure; your smile because it is a jewel; your hug because it is a masterpiece; and your kiss because it is a miracle.”
“Forgiveness is a personal process that doesn’t depend on us having direct contact with the people who have hurt us.”
“I lay there in the bath not thinking, not doing anything. After a few seconds, I heard her open the front door, and then her voice saying: she's had a really rough day, so just be nice to her. And Nick said: I know, I will. I loved them both so much in this moment that I wanted to appear in front of them like a benevolent ghost and sprinkle blessings into their lives. Thank you, I wanted to say. Thank you both. You are my family now.”
“Sometimes what seems so right turns out wrong and what seems so wrong turns out right. What do I call this phenomenon? Life.”
“I ain't a lover, but I want to love all your crazy imperfections, I ain't a diver, but I want to dive into your deep warm emotions, I ain't a reader, but I want to read messages send by your eyes, I ain't a skylark, but I want to sing for your mesmerizing smile, I ain't a gardener, but I want to plant seeds of ecstasy in your heart, I ain't a writer, but I want to write about how special you're.”
“Love on its worst day conquers hate on its best day.”
“Before meeting you, I didn't know what it was like to feel lonely. I never even considered myself to be alone. That's because when you feel lonely, it means that there is someone for you to miss.”
“Remember when we told each other no distractions? Yes. He runs a blazing finger over my earrings, touching each one in turn. Distract me.”
“He looked up in despair at the starry sky, he struck his burning chest with his fist; he loved and he was not loved!”
“Don't waste time thinking about them. If they walked away from your love, they don't deserve your pain.”
“I tried to keep him at a safe distance where he could only see the decent parts of me and it made us both miserable. I inadvertently let him in to see the ugly parts but instead of running away like I’d counted on him to do, he wrapped his arms around all of that ugliness and didn’t let go.”
“When two souls are one, they hear each other, even in silence.”
“The key in letting go is practice. Each time we let go, we disentangle ourselves from our expectations and begin to experience things as they are.”
“Every second i live in a hope to meet you one day .. I die every second in a fear of loosing you”
“I still remember that feeling of walking somewhere confidently, seeing him mid stride and putting my foot down just fine… but feeling like I stumbled.”
“When we’re young, we think that Love and Hate live on opposite sides of the street from one another; But as we get older we realise they’re actually next door neighbours with paper thin walls.”
“Nothing belongs to itself anymore. These trees are yours because you once looked at them. These streets are yours because you once traversed them. These coffee shops and bookshops, these cafés and bars, their sole owner is you. They gave themselves so willingly, surrendering to your perfume. You sang with the birds and they stopped to listen to you. You smiled at the sheepish stars and they fell into your hair. The sun and moon, the sea and mountain, they have all left from heartbreak. Nothing belongs to itself anymore. You once spoke to Him, and then God became yours. He sits with us in darkness now to plot how to make you ours.” K.K.”
“A proposito: vi amo.”
“Love is worth everything. EVERYTHING”
“Può darsi che in futuro stando con me conoscerai dolori, guai, problemi ma, se vuoi, costruiamo insieme una vita complicata, ma più felice di qualsiasi vita solitaria”
“If You'r a Mechanical Engineer Don't Feel So Proud, Because You Can Repair Everything Except Your Own Heart"!!!”
“Her collarbones like wings that spread from the base of her throat to the ends of her shoulders. A bird held down by skin.”
“You said you didn’t care what I thought. Or what I did. Or if I died, if I’m not mistaken." “I lied! And you know I lied, you stupid bastard!”
“Even before we met and long after we're both gone, my heart lives inside of yours. I'm forever and ever in love with you.”
“Your hair is winter fire, January embers. My heart burns there, too.”
“Because, wherever your heart is, that is where you´ll find your treasure”
“You are that one breath. that puts all the remaining breaths. back into my body.”
“I have a question for you. "If your shadow is the second most beautiful thing in the world, which is the first?".”
“You can only trust your emotions as you can lie to yourself with your brain but not your heart.”
“I seem to be torn between 'I wish we'd met earlier' and 'I wish we'd never met'.”
“I’m only going say this—love is a wild creature that cannot be tamed. It’s unconditional. And although it sometimes makes you feel like one small person against this big old world, you must remember you are the world to one particular person. - Astral”
“ليس الحـب فقط هـو مايجعلنا سعداء , فالذكريات مع أحد الآصدقاء ترسم بسمه من نـوع خاص”
“I think it's important as a women to know who you are and what you deserve. We, ourselves set the boundaries of what we choose to accept. Instead of complaining about the men who's actions don't fit your own & move on and find one that does.”
“I feel your words on my lips and feel your mood in my hips”
“When you fall in love with someone you treasure their quirks as much as anything else. Flaws become unique marks of character, things you'd miss if they weren't there.”
“A relationship that is truly genuine does not keep changing its colors. Real gold never rusts. If a relationship is really solid and golden, it will be unbreakable. Not even Time can destroy its shine.”
“This is how it is in life and love. In life and love we are with people for a while, and then we join other people, people we have not met, and we walk with them, and we leave behind all the things we used to be. Sometimes we leave people behind too  This happens everyday. Everyday this happens and scarcely anybody cares.”
“I almost forget that she still hates me, despite how hard I’ve fallen for her. And I’ve fallen. So hard. I’ve hit the ground. Gone right through it. Never in my life have I felt this. Nothing like this. I’ve felt shame and cowardice, weakness and strength. I’ve known terror and indifference, self-hate and general disgust. I’ve seen things that cannot be unseen. And yet I’ve known nothing like this terrible, horrible, paralyzing feeling. I feel crippled. Desperate and out of control. And it keeps getting worse. Every day I feel sick. Empty and somehow aching. Love is a heartless bastard. I’m driving myself insane.”
“I was well aware of her ghosts. I'd met them, once or twice, during her darkness nights. "I knew you were my one when you wouldn't run," she said. How could I? Of course I stayed, when her ghosts scared my own away. What others were too afraid to see, meant everything to me.”
“To love is not to look at one another, it is to look, together, in the same direction.”
“love is infinite and will only remain in the end”
“It’s beyond your consciousness that your soul lingers with the person you love and hence your mood will affect the one you love. This is the reason why you sometimes sense your mood changing mysteriously with no reason.”
“I have learned, that in this life, you must always be your own advocate. We yearn for someone to always be on our side, to always trust us, to always believe us and believe in us, regardless of the world and everything in it! But the reality of life proves that the majority of people are only capable of a shallow love. They will only advocate you as much as you advocate yourself. They are admirers who have fallen into adoration of your own publication of yourself and once that image begins to shake and quiver? Their "love" shakes and quivers, too. Very seldom will you find someone who will love the way that you tremble. And yet, this is the only type of love that is ever even true! If you are not loved for the way that you tremble and the way that you come unhinged, then you are not even loved at all.”
“After 49 years of marriage, isn’t it amazing when you can look at your partner sound asleep next to you and still believe they have potential.”
“She waited for a man who would marvel her with his intellect, wit and physique, all at the same time. Someone who would beguile her, unnerve her, possess her, and claim her and then make her jealous with deceit and accusations. Someone who wouldn’t bore her after a few hours of company. Someone who wouldn’t be distracted by someone younger than her - even at that age, she had her insecurities  .. She waited for a man who would be worth a chase and a challenge, who would beguile her and ravage her, and be true to her. She was no fool. She knew the limitations of affectation and ceremonial overtures between husband and wife. She knew the limits of compatibility, being put off by a few of her suitors instantly. She knew that love was not a guarantee to lifetime of happiness. She knew the importance of money and it’s effect on men. She knew the value of having the best in jewelry, clothes and company, for a person was judged accordingly, and if one wished to be a success, one had to look the part. And that required continuity of resources, not affection. But still she waited. She waited for a man who would surprise her beyond her expectations. She waited for a man who would be magical. She waited for a man who would never come.”
“Someday, I will be brave enough to say these things to you in person. For now, I remain in happy, quiet contemplation over you and can say tonight that I just might love you. Or could someday.”
“I love when you do that,” he whispered. “Do what?” “Exist.”
“I learned that love can transcend race and time, and that it can be beautiful and perfect and worth fighting for but also fragile and heartbreaking, and sometimes sacrifice is necessary. That sometimes it’s you against the world, and there are no easy answers. That you have to know when to hold on…and when to let go.”
“Suntem ceea ce iubim.”
“It's so loud inside my head, with those words I want to say to you.”
“I put my fingers under Emily's chin, tilting her head up. "I love you." Emily's dark eyes widen and if this moment wasn't so dire, I'd laugh at her expression. swipe a finger across her smooth cheek. "I've never said that to anyone and I don't plan on it being the last time, either. I love you, Emily, and I'm telling you we'll work ths out.”
“Often I lose myself in the constellation of my own ideas, forever searching for point of illumination. But no matter where I look, I find you, shinning and bright, offering me what ever it is I seek, you are my one single star. My sun, my moon, my guide and direction, I know as long as I have you, I'll never lose my way. Even if I can not touch you, I know I will see you, feel you, from anywhere. If I need you I know where to find you”
“And if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you.”
“love wounds me with soft pillows with tender lips and fingers”
“Khusrau darya prem ka, ulti wa ki dhaar, Jo utra so doob gaya, jo dooba so paar. English Translation. Oh Khusrau, the river of love Runs in strange directions. One who jumps into it drowns, And one who drowns, gets across.”
“I have always wanted to give you the world, so I started giving you pieces of the oceans that kept us apart.”
“We thought everything would be forgotten, but I still remember your claws running down my back. I wonder if you still think about us, the way I do. How our legs would crash into each other in the middle of the night, and how we ended up creating the moon in the confines of our beds.”
“I do not write about love as if I have invented it. I write about love because thoughts of you inspire self-forgetfulness. And because writing about you gives birth to a star. These stars sit inside me where there was once darkness.”
“My love, you are driving the entire world mad. The nightingales are committing suicide one by one out of jealousy of your voice. The roses took one glance at your beauty and folded themselves from shame. The trees now only whisper your name and the sky hasn’t stopped crying since you looked up. Have pity on us, my love. We have already broken all the mirrors and glass out of fear that you will forget us and fall in love with yourself once you see what we all cannot stop seeing.”
“Far from a normal-functioning relationship, but normal has never been our thing.”
“There is no cosmetic to gain a beauty like yours.”
“But that’s the thing about narcissists. They can try to fool you, with all their heart, but in the end, they’re just fooling themselves.”
“I'm in love with you. It doesn't matter what has happened in my life. I love you till my last breath and it's amazing that i see you everywhere.”
“when the words not enough to describe how much you love . even you know she/he don't anything for you   you cant fall a sleep exactly like before's" -kuntal”
“Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone.”
“It's loud inside my head, with those words I want to say to you.”
“love ridden i searched for you in corridors, open doors and in endless seas of similes and metaphors but we never were on the same page.”
“I think true love transcends tiem. The thunderbolt does not. Not if it strkes men the way you described." I start a sprint toward a glade where my favorite orange flowers grow. He catches up with me easily. "Most girls prefer flowers over trees." I brush my fingers on the petals."These flowers blossom quickly. They speak of passion, of beauty." I take a witheting flower that had dropped to the ground and fondle it between my fingers. "But flowers don't last. They wither easily and have limited growth. A tree might not speak of passion but sturdiness. Yet, it grows higher and lasts longer. Some of these trees were here before I was born and they'll be here once I'm gone." My heads falls back as I look at the highest tree. "Real love ought to be more like a tree and less like a flower. That's the kind of love my parents had. It wasn't as consuming as it was everlasting. And you see that tree over there? Now it's showing only green leaves, but in spring it's covered in flowers. Because as reliable as trees are, they can also speak of beauty and passion.”
“Love is the opposite of fear and it lights the flames of a million hearts.”
“He was changed, burned, branded, destroyed and rebuilt. And he loved it.”
“You wanna love me for the rest of your life?” “Baby, I’m gonna love you for the rest of my life,” Harry says, pressing a quick, careful kiss to the corner of Louis’ mouth. “I just hope that you want to be loved by me for the rest of your life.”
“Let yourself disappear in the darkness; if you are loved, people will come and find you with torches in their hands! Love is a great searcher; it always searches the loved one! To see who really love you, just disappear!”
“Animals are a gift from above for they truly define the words unconditional love.”
“Long after people forget what you said or did, they’ll remember how you made them feel.”
“You believe in love, just as a child believes in Santa Claus or a fairy tale.” “What is love then, if not a fairy tale meant for adults?”
“Obviously, the kind that belongs to him.” Hua Cheng reached out and lifted Xie Lian’s chin. “His temper is certainly nice, but my temper is bad. No one shall touch what I love except for me.”
“Oh, darling, that’s what love is. It’s some power greater than you and me, that draws us to one special person.”
“Jealousy says, “Compete with each other.” Envy says, “Destroy each other.” Empathy says, “Help each other.” Love says, “Empower each other.”
“I could make love with you until the moon decides to never glow again.”
“What a terrifyingly beautiful thought that you are the beginning of forever. I love you, and life for me has just begun.”
“I know in that moment, even though it could not be more ridiculous, that if I die in there, I won't die without falling in love.”
“I guess my point is that I do believe in love. Really. I'm just not convinced that kind of love could ever happen to me.”
“You have no choice. You must leave your ego on the doorstep before you enter love.”
“Everything started as nothing.”
“Love is like dried flowers sometimes. Even though you watch the petals shrink and change colour, you cannot help treasuring them”
“your voice is a place i want to take shelter in, a place that makes me feel safe and soft.”
“That’s real love and real happiness. It’s when you go to sleep every night hoping that you are less happy than your lover; it’s hoping that you’ve given everything you could to them so that their day could be just a tiny bit better.”
“You look all frail and breakable, but you're really a violent little thing, aren't you?”
“If you do not love me I shall not be loved. If I do not love you I shall not love.”
“Do you love me enough that I am allowed to be damaged? Do you love me enough that I am allowed to be weak in some places?”
“Love is about the good moments, but it's about holding on to each other during the difficult ones, too. Coming out on the other side, weathered but still holding hands, isn't easy. It's the most difficult thing there can possibly be, but I know now it's the truest test of love there is.”
“Dear Fellow Human Being, You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed! Tell yourself, You do not deserve this! All those toxic words you have to listen from people, All those fears they try to pin on your mind, All those giggles they aim at your dreams, All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality, All those fingers pointing towards your crude character, All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations, All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free, Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it. My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility. You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
“I didn't want to be the woman who gave herself over willingly to the first man to notice her. I didn't want to be the stupid girl in every novel who loved without question and entered relationships that didn't make sense.”
“Exposure to erotically inclined stimuli immediately activates parts of a male brain that are associated with sexual desire. Being attracted to other women, however, doesn’t mean men would betray the trust they are given and harm the partnership with the women they love.”
“Love is not a forest fire that burns intensely, hotly and out of control for a brief moment until, its expendable fuel spent, it sputters, seeking in vain for something else to consume, to sustain itself before, finally, it dies: cold, black ash the only evidence of its passing. Love is, instead, a campfire: it provides ample heat and comfort to the twosome who sit before it, and although its flames may at times wane, a well-tended campfire’s embers can be nurtured and fanned until the flames once again dance brightly and cheerfully, providing comfort to the couple who cherish the gentle warmth it ministers.”
“I am here, I will always be here. Watching you, loving you.”
“Science can’t explain why two specific people are magnetically drawn to each other instead of repelled. Only love can.”
“Gifts are temporary and often forgotten; love is forever and always remembered.”
“Nowhere is it written in stone that you must love in only one way, only one person, only one time. You haven't missed your shot at love, because love isn't just one thing.”
“No. I don't want the love at first sight That sears my heart Like a bolt of lightning And disappears in the blink of an eye Leaving me burned and scarred for life I want a steady mutual liking Which brings respect and equality, compassion and compatibility acknowledgement and appreciation A strong friendship Which makes us both want to put in efforts To stick to each other Through thick and thin Not because we have to but because we want to”
“because love doesn't need to last forever in order to make a lasting impression.”
“It is impossible to be hurt by someone you love contrary to popular belief. Only something or someone you fear can hurt you.”
“I can't live without the sun shining down on my face, and I can't dream without the stars kissing me goodnight.”
“Without love, things disperse around; love holds things tightly! It prevents them to move away and disappear on the horizons!”
“I still have that feeling the first time we met every time I see you.”
“If you spend time judging and criticizing people, you will not have time to heal from your pain or brokenness. You cannot love yourself when you judge or criticize others who are created in God's image and after His Likeness in which you are also created. Love cannot operate from a space of pain. Love and hurt cannot reside in the same space.”
“Do not ask me How much i love yeu? I will not be able to answer yeu that in words”
“Nobody will save yeu, Some can't even save themselves”
“A hundred pages of me fighting the conformity of love for a boy I simply loved from the start. From the day I met his heart, to the day I had to let it go. I love you more than I planned, Harry.”
“Love is so supremely important. As our great poet Auden said, 'Love each other or perish”
“Being present to yourself in love and with kindness is the ultimate gift.”
“Romance for me is Meeting yeu after a Long time After all those nighs i have spend longing to hold yeu thinking about yeu And finally being next to yeu when i still have to hold back Because there are people around Romance for me is trying to act normal And not being able to take my eyes off yeu”
“Love starts as a feeling, But to continue is a choice; And I find myself choosing you More and more every day.”
“You and I Again and again Always almost Never enough. - A world of almosts”
“Heaven is a place where all the dogs you've ever loved come to greet you.”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“Relationships that are merely based on practicality or utility will ultimately make us feel lonely.”
“Behind every 'I love you', there is an invisible 'until'.”
“YOU are your own guru. YOU are your own soul mate. YOU are powerful. Take the reigns and drive your carriage home to love.”
“Love is a longing for becoming one with another human being that nobody of us can avoid.”
“When it comes to love, Princess, rules blur, and traditions fade,”
“Epic love story has only love between two people but do not have 'they lived happily ever after”
“I’m wrapped in you. Melting in your silhouette and becoming one, a strange contour of love, flowing with the wind.”
“I only wrote prose before I met you. My musings were superfluous and serious as well. But now the words dance with me. I sing with them and we create poetry.”
“The love we say we feel for another is, in most cases, just a selfish hunt for our own happiness.”
“I am sure that God has given all his time in making you, the remaining human race has been created in haste.”
“I loved being near you. Even though I felt that bubble you had around you, even though I never quite knew what you were thinking, damn, did I love being near you. Somehow, I knew you would rip me apart and drown me. Somehow, I knew we wouldn’t last. It didn’t matter. You were my sun. I loved feeling you upon me, around me, between me. Even though you could only love me from a distance, I didn’t care. I never felt more warmth inside of me than when you were against me.”
“Why, Andrew, why would it irritate me? Do you think that being loved by you is something to be ashamed of? I don't.”
“Never fall in love with stargazers – always with accelerated affection. Their love disappears in the blink of an eye like a shooting star.”
“There is nothing more graceful and powerful than the ability to respond to life (in all situations) with love and acceptance.”
“Sometimes when you experience something wonderful, everything else loses its shine.”
“Many people who experienced love their whole lives, in childhood and all throughout, do not know the worth of being loved as adults. People fed love on silver spoons don't feel the weight of love anymore. They don't feel the value of it because they always had it anyway. They are insatiable, they don't trust it, they always ask you for more! Fucking shits! It's the people who had to pull love out of cracks in the wall and out of holes in trees, who know the value of love, who feel the weight of love, even the smallest ounce of it! Love people who weren't loved. They're worth their weight in gold.”
“A circle's unity and never ending smoothness is how we can aim to feel inside. Smooth, gentle, accepted, no rough edges, only love for all parts of our selves.”
“Even when we do our very best to treat those close to us with utmost respect and understanding, conflict happens. That’s life. That’s human nature.”
“Frozen in time, captured in memories, filled in passion, she melted in love before his eyes.”
“Soul mate romance dissolves the superficial and touches your deepest heart with the delightful power of love.”
“Faith is stronger than a stone. Joy is taller than a mountain. Love is wider than an ocean.”
“Lovers never hate, haters never love.”
“I Loved One, Not Many ; Many Loved It, Not One”
“I've wondered. Of course I have. And I love Byatt more than anything, more than myself, more than the life I had before Raxter. But I know the warmth in my heart when I look at her. How it burns smooth and even, without a spark.”
“I will love you tomorrow If you love me today”
“There were things one could do, things so terrible, Val was certain they could make someone stop loving you. She was equally certain that she had done some of these things, and as desperate as she was to be proven otherwise, she was equally afraid that she was right. That she had become as awful as the rest of the world seemed to think she was. That she was unlovable.”
“I have poured my heart out …. And now I am empty.”
“The only place I ever felt at home was with you. There isn’t a place for me anywhere anymore… I’ve been evicted.”
“the one who will jolt awake all the unwritten the unsung and the unlived in me. i am waiting for him.”
“I was so blessed. The first person I gave my heart to was an angel who plucked the feathers off his wings and built a nest for it.”
“and the afterglow  of your gaze is the only sweater that I need.”
“She's magic, Cassandra. A single flower blooming in an endless desert.”
“Life is just a slide. Back and forth between loving and leaving, remembering and forgetting, holding on and letting go.”
“Her laugh, her laugh was the sound that brought him out of the darkness and into the light. Her laugh dragged him, by his damn collar, through the bullshit clouding his mind and infecting his thoughts.”
“When I look into your eyes I see everything I want in this world and that is never going to change.”
“I wonder if you know how special you are; I wonder if you know how precious you are; I wonder if you know how lucky I am to have you in my life; I love you so much.”
“For a dark street, sunshine is most welcome; for a wounded soul, love is most welcome!”
“I may act like I don't care anymore, but if only you could see me inside, you'll know how much I wanted to be with you.”
“If you love me help me to become more of who I am.”
“A child is a Soul, a Unit Consciousness materialized on Earth to learn, fulfill its purpose contributing within the Matrix of Gaia. Our parents fought for ‘Expression of Thoughts’, ‘Equality’, we now have a task to fight for the Supremacy of Love over Control within all Areas of Life.‘ Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids development soul”
“Love is the only brick that hits you on the head and gives you a smile instead of tears.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“عشقه که آدما ابله میکنه یا فقط ادمای احمق عاشق میشن؟”
“I see these lights, every time I look into your eyes. It crosses my heart, and make me feel in love.”
“Sharing your kindness sparks understanding all around. Then like fireflies in the night, twinkling love surrounds you.”
“When she remembered a summer it would be this one. When she remembered love it would be his.”
“All love is bittersweet. Love is inexplicable; it is part poetry and part masochism. Part of love is the loss of self-control because one must openly surrender their sense of an exclusive self to the manic powers of love. The personal act of surrender to a lover leaves one vulnerable to entanglement in a maze of emotions. When we fall in love, our lover’s happiness and well-being assumes the primary role in our mind, they become copilots of our souls. When we are in love for the first time, we feel what it means to become a complete person; we identify who we are by seeing our reflection in our lover’s eye; and we sense what we might become when infused with love. When our lover leaves us, we feel vexed and vacant because we recognize that they took up such a large part of what made us feel intoxicated with life. When our lover abandons us, we lose our sense of self; we temporarily cease to exist as a whole person, and we must reconstruct the shattered remnants of oneself in the wake of a love lost.”
“Love is my mother. Joy is my sister. Knowledge is brother. Wisdom is my soulmate.”
“It's so easy to love someone at their best; to be happy when everything is going right. The true test is loving them and understanding them at their worst; because that's when they need you most. If they can't love you through the bad times, they don't deserve you through the good ones.”
“Successful people do what they love, not what they are told to do.”
“In a relationship, the word 'sorry' is worth more than gold. However, the more it's mentioned the lesser your love and affection becomes.”
“Oh, I hate him,' she said, and I noticed a flush of colour come into her cheeks and the manner in which the fingers of her left hand dug into her palm, as if she wanted something to take away the pain. 'I absolutely detest him. Afterwards, I didn't feel very much at all for a week or two. I suppose I was in shock. But then the fury rose and it hasn't subsided since. Sometimes I find it difficult to control. I think it was around the time that everyone stopped asking me whether I was all right, when lives went back to how they had been before. Had he been in Dublin I might well have gone over there, broken down his door and stabbed him as he slept. Fortunately for him, he was in Madagascar with his lepers.' (p. 268)”
“ Keep fighting for love. But she didn't want to. She wanted to hold love to her chest and run, run like hell so the rest of the world couldn't touch it.”
“Loving someone is like getting addicted to alcohol; you don’t start consuming it because you want to, but because you need to. Once you begin, it’s tough to stop, and by the time you stop, you aren’t the same as before.”
“I'm like a corpse stumbling and screaming through his precinct in the fear that I truly lost her.”
“Apologize and Appreciation are the two things that are vital for a relationship to lead a pleasant life for an ample amount of time because both of these will put their relationship on the table than their Ego.”
“Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts, minds and soul ties  not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.”
“There is a part of us that knows the timing of any relationship. It knows things that we cannot work out. It knows when to say yes. It knows when to say no. It knows when to wait. It knows when something has finished. It knows when something has started. It knows when we have a responsibility to another person. It knows when the ties are untied. It will not betray us or another.”
“Love is supposed to lift you up, not hold you down. It is supposed to push you forward, not hold you back.”
“I’m going to give you a handful of wildflowers so, each petal that falls will remind you that the earth breathes, and the moon rises.”
“She'll let you put her in her place. But she won't stand for anything worse than first.”
“I don't want perfect I want something real. Something that makes me feel.”
“The only magic I ever really made was the love I had with you.”
“Treat your relationship as if you are growing the most beautiful sacred flower. Keep watering it, tend to the roots, and always make sure the petals are full of color and are never curling. Once you neglect your plant, it will die, as will your relationship.”
“Love drips like honey from the hive, constant, sweet, precious, into your heart each and every moment if you let it.”
“It is strange to both fit in everywhere and belong nowhere, to never feel completely at home outside of your own skin”
“We love with all our heart but we also keep our heart light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes.”
“It's a mistake to love you, I admit it. It's a disaster to miss you, I deserve it. But when it's the reason to leave you, I hate it, cause no matter how strong the reason is; nobody deserves the long farewell.”
“Life is energy and, as such, it belongs to all, reaches all, and blesses all.”
“Never be afraid to love. Just be careful who you love.”
“Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life love knocks our doors, enters our lives & changes it forever. You start believing in dreams, you start making wishes & you start to trust your heart even more! That love holds your hands & makes you feel you are safer than ever; that love makes you believe that nothing can go wrong now; and oh that warm hug, which makes you want to spend your entire life then & there! That’s when you realise you are not living an ordinary life, but it’s a fairytale!”
“Love is spiritual oxygen; without it, the soul dies.”
“1. Romantic: One who ruthlessly believes in love in its finest form and impresses those feelings onto his or her various relationships. May result in scaring off partners, falling for the wrong person, and desperately trying to turn life into a movie with glamorous Old Hollywood actors. May also result in some of the best, most inspiring, and deepest relationships around.”
“Relationships are valuable no matter who they are between.”
“The path is paved with consistent, conscious mental and spiritual alertness and the gradual growth of goodness in our heart and clarity in our mind. We are awake. If we keep trying to understand, we will understand. If we keep telling ourselves that we are loved by Life and if we keep looking for evidence of that love, we will find it.”
“We need to maintain an awareness of our awareness, of what we are paying attention to, in order to discriminate between higher and lower forms of love.”
“Relationships are used by the darkness to keep people revolving around the ego’s demands. For a moment, people see the light of the divine in each other. They run to it and then quickly forget the light they once saw as their fears reclaim their consciousness. Thus begins the ongoing battle to protect one’s own ‘rights’, in case they be forgotten or betrayed. The tally of what is owed is counted, the guilt of perceived wrong doings is cast upon the other, one’s freedom must be paid as the price for ‘love’, and it is only in short periods of peace when all of this is forgotten. Those moments are the precious windows of the Soul.”
“Pure Love is detached, self-assured, self-poised, non-possessive and non-aggressive in nature. Yet, it is tremendously powerful to move the whole universe.”
“Love is like a butterfly, when it comes and sits on your palm, you can either care for it and let it fly if it wishes, or you can trap it and see it die.”
“You know the real meaning of celebrating a birthday if you remember the sacrifice of giving birth by your mother”
“We love with all our heart, in every way that we can love but the heart is not burdened. We learn to keep it light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on Life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when death and seeming endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes. It allows Life to be lived in the safe, fertile, and still inner space where it grows stronger and more compelling every day.”
“For despite what some people say, love is not only a sweet falling bound to come and quickly go away.”
“Da je na svetu više ludaka poput nas, svet bi bio normalnije mesto.”
“Love is the strongest angel. Hate is the ugliest demon.”
“If I told you about a land of love, friend, would you follow me and come? In that land are vineyards, that yield a deadly wine - no glass can hold it. Would you swallow it as a remedy?”
“Mark says that when I am frustrated his I love you means it's okay for me to be frustrated - a reminder that my feelings are situational and temporary. "And because I love you even when you are annoyed and I want you to know," he adds.”
“But you have to have a working heart for it to break.”
“stronger than mountains. a place where my heart feels the safest- underneath his shirt.”
“I breathe in  the fragrance of love, and moist sand the one his roses left on both my hands I just keep on breathing every moment as much as I can preserving it, in my body for the day it can’t.”
“Tell me..how do you stand there? filling the doorway .of my life.”
“In a word, it was impossible for me to separate her, in the past or in the present, from the innermost life of my life.”
“i immerse myself in you like i immerse myself into a beautiful story.”
“An angel for some, a demon for some, for me, it’s heart of the one. Never want to hurt, keep many secrets beneath the blood. sob in the dark, but, people thinks, it’s beat of the heart. No one thought, no one observe, but, it supplies tears as blood. One day someone came, took it out from dark, she kissed it, loved it, played with it, put it with her heart, and makes it her life part. Daily she played, daily she fought, But, never she threw it out. one day, an unknown came, who kissed her, loved her, and used to play with her. He took my out my heart from her, and threw it on the street, then there is nothing more than weep. An angel for some, a demon for some, for me, it’s heart of the one. Never want to hurt, keep many secrets beneath the blood. Sob in the dark, but, people thinks, it’s beat of the heart. No one thought, no one observe, but, it supplies tears as blood.”
“Then, by your definition  I'm in love with you.”
“Love was indeed a big responsibility. One must use the word judiciously. One cannot love one day and take away love the next day. It is total caring.”
“Love is relentless, and so am I ;)”
“ Kawan, seandainya kita bisa tahu kepada siapa kita akan berjumpa lalu jatuh cinta seperti tak ada lagi hari esok, maka beruk bisa melamar pekerjaan menjadi ajudan bupati.”
“The Earth must have done some noble work; that is why you were born here and not in the ocean among the fishes and not in the sky among the birds.”
“You keep me here. You can't live in a world where you don't know where and what I am doing. We inside each others souls.”
“Love, deep and pure, it opens my heart. It feels like a magical force, one I’d fight to protect, one I’d die to keep.”
“Making You Happy; Makes Me Happy.”
“You can never tie a string to someone's heart to keep them from walking away; you can only love them in their freedom and hope that they choose to stay, hope that they love you back freely in the same way.”
“You are the best person in all my universes”
“Dispensing with the frivolity, he kissed her meaningfully. When at last he pulled away, her troubled expression alarmed him. "What?" "Be careful, Hammond." "No one will know I was here." She shook her head. "Not that." "Then what?" "You may have to put me on trial for my life. Please be careful that you don't make me fall in love with you first.”
“Her absence chills my bones numbs my nerves bares my soul In every cell of mine she lives And I only breathe to shelter her memories she left with me”
“You don’t need to be a fortress to be strong. You don’t need to build walls to keep yourself safe. Open the windows and let the breeze breathe life into your bones. Go outside, touch the earth with your bare hands, and remind yourself how it feels to plant the seeds of love and watch them bloom into something beautiful. Water those flowers well; your garden will reawaken in the sun.”
“The Root Dear one, It is totally conceivable to accept something Yet still feel unable to ever recover from it For acceptance, my love, is simply the flower, Like a ray of hope through the hazy rain, But the root that it sprouted from, And the stem it grows upon, still remain”
“Too few see the beauty obvious to all who are near.”
“Someone doesn’t always need a gun to kill you. Sometimes, their actions are enough. You don’t need an assassin to kill you. Sometimes, a lover is enough.”
“There are two kinds of feeling—one from our body, another from our soul. Love, it is the affection of soul, to soul.”
“He was, simultaneously, the impassioned happy man lying at the feet of his beloved and also the morose clown standing in the background of the picture. Being in love pitched him, moment by moment, between waves of ecstasy and misery. Like every other person, he believed his predicament was unique.”
“I am called, and I personify, the Improbability of Love. I was painted to celebrate the wild cascades of amour, the rollicking, bucking, breaking and transformative passion that inevitably gives way to miserable, constricting, overbearing disappointment. At first my master imbued every tiny brushstroke with unbound ardour, untrammelled desire and unquenchable lust. During the painting of the work he had to accept that his feelings were a mirage, a chimera in his mind. This is the great tragedy of love - even if you are lucky enough to stumble on it, it never lasts.”
“HE remembered looking "agape" in his encyclopedia volume after he read Dr. King's speech in the DEFENDER. The newspaper ran the address in full after the reverend's appearance at Cornell College. If Elwood had come across the word before, through all those years of skipping around the book, it hadn't stuck in his head. King described "agape" as a divine love operating in the heart of man. A selfless love, an incandescent love, the highest there is. He called upon his Negro audience to cultivate that pure love for their oppressors, that it might carry them to the other side of the struggle. Elwood tried to get his head around it, now that it was no longer the abstraction floating in his head last spring. It was real now. "Throw us in jail and we will still love you. Bomb our homes and threaten our children, and, as difficult as it is, we will still love you. Send your hooded perpetrators of violence into our communities after midnight hours, and drag us out onto some wayside road, and beat us and leave us half-dead, and we will still love you. But be ye assured that we will wear you down by our capacity to suffer, and one day we will win our freedom. The capacity to suffer. Elwood--all the Nickel boys--existed in the capacity. Breathed in it, ate in it, dreamed in it. That was their lives now. Otherwise they would have perished. The beatings, the rapes, the unrelenting winnowing of themselves. They endured. But to love those who destroyed them? To make that leap? "We will meet your physical force with soul force. Do to us what you will and we will still love you." Elwood shook his head. What a thing to ask. What an impossible thing.”
“If ever you're possessed by love, be mindful that it's beyond your capacity and flourishes in your 'non-doing state', observe how it transforms you from within and remain a witness to it. One of the biggest fallacy that we do is we confine this experience from beyond into mere words, compress feelings into articulation, the more effort you put in, more you dilute the experience. When nature blesses you with emotion called LOVE, just drown in silence, let every pore of your being radiate with this divine experience, convey your gratitude to the other while being a 'Silent Witness', for it matters no more who the other is, what matters is how this experience made you more livelier, more compassionate, more sensitive and in this no-mind state your tears become flowers  Sri Ramana Pemmaraju”
“Protecting the heart is almost as painful as giving in to what it wants. I can’t do it anymore.”
“Wanting to care for someone, to put their needs above yours, is love.”
“I believe in love at first sight… But it’s not the first moment you lay eyes on a person, it’s the moment you first see the person they truly are.”
“Sometimes it feels like even if Every inch of my skin was touching yours I still wouldn’t be close enough to you.”
“Don't be a reflection of your depression, your dark, or your ugly. Reflect what you want. Your light, your beauty, & your strength. Aspire for greatness - reflect who you are; not which deficits you maintain. Showcase the hidden treasures.”
“Such aching mystery hides, in your stardust-glimmer eyes.”
“We have already said more goodbyes than are necessary. Those were goodbyes that brought about the end of partings. We taught each other that no parting is possible.”
“When the sun and the moon will be identically seen together, When the wind and the water will meet in alliance, When the stars will shine as bright as your emotions, You will find her holding your hands and taking you towards the eternal love of the miraculous world.”
“I know surely you’re thinking of me, for I am strange, and you’re kind to the stranger”
“People start to lie more once they start to care less.”
“I really liked him and when you really like someone, not everything is simple to understand.”
“When truth looks in the mirror, virtue looks out. When courage looks in the mirror, faith looks out. When charity looks in the mirror, love looks out. When contentment looks in the mirror, peace looks out.”
“Sometimes home is not a place, it is someone's heart.”
“Love doesn't die alone - we kill it.”
“We draw into our life those who will help us to grow. Naturally, we tend to have mixed feelings about those very people but they are marked for us. We have forgotten that we wrote them an invitation some time ago. We look at them as if they are intruders when all along they are our guests.”
“I wish to drown in my pain, alone, just like a moth dancing to its death in the flame!”
“Be (with) someone that promotes a healthy state of being: mind, body, and soul.”
“Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.”
“There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.”
“What's your source of inner peace? asked the Imam today at the Friday Prayer. I smiled wide instantly and whispered, 'Knowing that she is mine'.”
“Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone. A fragmented love which makes others lose will eventually turn upon itself and destroy the very thing which was being so carefully guarded. An open-hearted love will follow a course which can only lead somewhere good.”
“Learn as much as you can. Love as much as you should.”
“It is foolish to walk away when you have so much love in your heart.”
“It was her laughter that made me love her. Her shy inappropriate madness is what made her beautiful.”
“EFFERVESCE AND OBSESSION Under the influence of this sensational climax I am reminded of the inundated calm before the storm as I find my mind to see through those same eyes that I have before. The curving slippage of her dynamic vehemence hums over me in a refreshing fixation that imbues this inseparable bond of the eternities. Her single touch sends shock waves down my entire vessel sending our bodies into a confluence of luscious allure. Her hips begin weaving in and out gently oscillating against me in a balmy nubile urge of effervesce and obsession. Again I occlude her recumbent orifice with the soft clasp of my wet lips, satiating my guest with an all-stimulating and interplanetary escape. In a largo samba-like motion I simultaneously absorb and alleviate the tension lingering beneath her plum fuselage as an overflowing ovulation of seismic and fulminating convulsage travels through the apex of her feminous core, following the crevice between her legs like the gentle waters that flow through the shaded gorge. As she levitates into a liberating reflex of celestial zest her panting grip begins to measure the odometer of our obsession.”
“Maybe all great love stories earn themselves a thoughtless void at some point in time.”
“Turn off the hate. Turn up the love.”
“Shah Jahan built Taj Mahal because he was a king, I wrote a beautiful book for my wife, though I was never an Author…”
“I couldn't make myself be cautious around her. A little voice in my head kept trying to tell me that every word she said could be disinformation and that she might be playing me for a fool. But I didn't believe it. I trusted her, even though I had every reason not to.”
“Da mogu, poklonio bih ti tebe. Zaslužuješ sebe. Ne kao kaznu. Kao nagradu.”
“To excite my thoughts with your agony … To burn my soul in an explosion of hearts … To pull out my ignorance from the depth of my mind … To rush my fight with inner daemons … To torture my brain in a chaotic dance of thoughts … To cast the shadows from my little world … To feel the death of my celestial tendril (Excerpted from "Why did you come", chapter Passion)”
“I don't believe in love. "It's not a religion," he says. "It exists whether you believe in it or not.”
“Without the wetness of your love, the fragrance of your water, or the trickling sounds of your voice I shall always feel thirsty.”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“People who think love can happen twice, actually never fell in it the first time.”
“I married a man who was as much a part of me as my own soul.”
“Love in the rain is better than hate in the sunshine.”
“I don't know what it is with you, but I somehow become more a woman when ever your around.”
“One thing I have come to realize is that love is not always happiness.”
“Cinta sejati adalah perbuatan. Dengan demikian,ingat baik baik, kau selalu bisa memberi tanpa sedikitpun rasa cinta. Tetapi kau tidak akan pernah bisa mencintai tanpa selalu memberi.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“No matter what you think, no matter what you say, I will love you always.”
“Wake up to realities! Real life is all about real things!”
“When a woman wants your attention, she uses her smile. When she wants your wallet, she uses her charm. When she wants your heart, she uses her touch. When she wants your soul, she uses her kiss.”
“Grief gives you a hundred reasons to cry; hope gives you a thousand reasons to smile, joy gives you a million reasons to laugh, and love gives you billion reasons to rejoice.”
“If God were to make a million lovely flowers in your image and plant them in a garden with you among them, I would still know you by your scent and by the feel of your petals and by the crazy way you lean towards my light whenever I draw near.”
“It takes a moment to love and be loved. Hours spent judging are a waste.”
“And so, in silence, we walked the surface of a dying world, but in the breast of one of us at least had been born that which is ever oldest, yet ever new. I loved Dejah Thoris. The touch of my arm upon her naked shoulder had spoken to me in words I would not mistake, and I knew that I had loved her since the first moment my eyes had met hers that first time in the plaza of the dead city of Korad.”
“It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.”
“As she looks through the window; while seeing him give her his world, tears rolled down her cheeks as she remembers the world she once had.”
“Love is not an antidote of depression or loneliness, but it itself is a cause of depression and loneliness.”
“The world may be against us, but this love we have is enough to put this world beneath us.”
“I love you in my bed at night, and when I wake up, and I love hearing you sing, and I love telling you to stop bothering me, and I love walking to Van’s noodle house with you, and I love you – I love you, so promise you’ll be like the ocean and come back to me, even when they pull you away. Always come back to me.”
“An ocean of shimmering love exists in your heart. Tap into it today and rest in the undulating currents of the great mystery.”
“You're the certainty of my uncertainty. Your significance defines the love and connection I have for you and I wanna thank you because you help me grow to become my full self and contribute meaningfully to this world we're both in.”
“You should only belong to those who can appreciate your beautiful soul.”
“Joy is God's smile; love is God's laughter.”
“Love doesn’t make you a poet; it makes you poetry.”
“She came very close, and looking into my eyes, she said, “My Jenny,” and then she bent her head and kissed me—here, on the left-hand corner of my mouth. And nobody knows better than I that I couldn’t have felt anything, because Tamsin was a ghost—but nobody but me knows what I felt. And I’ll always know.”
“If love isn't there, nothing will grow. If it is, there is always hope and it will win in the end. Love is vital and sacrosanct.”
“Until you experience real loneliness, you shall never know what real loneliness is. So many people feel miserable and lonely just because they ignore their inner man, create a gap between themselves and their inner man, and neglect their true self!”
“We have conversations with each other most nights - Sylvia Plath and me!”
“I think only when you are truly alone can you see you never were.”
“When the leaves stop falling wasn't her time to die, it was your time to live.”
“Love begins when two souls meet together. A soul attracted by another soul. They feel like bind by each other. It’s a powerful addiction. It’s truly said, first love is last love. But it does not said anywhere to stop love if you betrayed by your lover.”
“Are you a person who peels off a band-aid slowly or just rips it off all at once?" Casey contemplated Alexa's warning, recognizing it for what it was.”
“I simply adore Virginia Woolf, and so would you. You would fall quite flat before her charm and personality. [ ] Mrs. Woolf is so simple: she does give the impression of something big. She is utterly unaffected: there is no outward adornments -- she dresses quite atrociously. At first you think she is plain; then a sort of spiritual beauty imposes itself on you, and you find a fascination in watching her. She was smarter last night; that is to say, the woolen orange stockings were replaced by yellow silk ones, but she still wore the pumps. She is both detached and human, silent till she wants to say something, and then says it supremely well. She is quite old. I've rarely taken such a fancy to anyone, and I think she likes me. At least, she's asked me to Richmond where she lives. Darling, I have quite lost my heart.”
“Tomorrow I dine with my darling Mrs Woolf at Richmond [ ] I love Mrs Woolf with a sick passion. So will you. In fact I don't think I will let you know her.”
“In reality, each child is an investment of his parents. You are their precious fruit, after all the hard labour.”
“There is always a touch of magic in every miracle and a touch of miracle in every magical trick.”
“Love would have been great if money had never been created. But since it exists, we ought to wisely use both to our advantage.”
“Similarly my love, your smiles, your beauty nourish my existence, You, your love, your endless beauty are what I need for sustenance, My eternity lies in you, and only you, Eternity will be virtueless if it is not spent thinking about you and loving you. By : Javid Ahmad Tak”
“Baby   I can't bear your tears even in my dreams.”
“Dear memories, when I met you for the first time I never thought you will die with me, Happy Birthday.”
“And love that tends to have many love interests, In the end fails all tests, So be like the young sparrow, Who sincerely loves today without taking flights into tomorrow! By: Javid Ahmad Tak”
“The only lovers! When you seek nothing, When the world seems still and silent, When the Sun shines bright yet darkness is lurking behind everything, When there is stillness with no movement, Then let me confess, “I love you Irma for all known and unknown reasons” And as we gradually progress, Let me admit, “I would love you the same in life’s all seasons!” In the fears of today, in the uncertainties of tomorrow, You will be the certain joy of everyday, In the moments of joy and during the times of sorrow, To strengthen our faith and feelings of love, I shall always invent a new way, Then as we flow being a part of river of life, Everything will be stationary while we shall have attained a happy flow, And in this paramount moment of my, and your life, Like the sparkling atoms of joy we shall now over the surface of the river of life glow! And as we pour ourselves into the sea of naked feelings, We shall drift as waves always chasing each other, To end our journeys at the shore of our naked feelings, And sink deep into the sand as a single feeling of love, where now you are my and I am your only lover!”
“To feel alive, I need your presence. To scent my soul, I need your fragrance. I'm strong enough just for pretense. But so easily, I can melt into your embrace. To keep my life warm, I need your heat. a unexplainable joy in my heart since you met. To intoxicate me, I need the wine of your eyes. You are a gorgeous angel far above the skies. It fills the thirst in my heart whenever you kiss. So delicious is the nectar of your lips. One in a million You are one extraordinary pretty. And I'm addicted to the miracle of your beauty.”
“Love is a choice that we make every day. Friendship is a gift that we receive every day.”
“Passing Through Her Mirror! When the time was right, And there was light and delight, But now nothing can undo her present plight, Unless she bows a bit and ruffles the curtains to allow in some graceful light! She seems to try but only to fail, Because she still wears the past like an invisible veil, But today it is midsummer day again, And the rose is peeping through the window glass again, Alas the mirror with just the black base can’t reflect its colours now, And the old lady lies lifeless with a bent back and a fallen head in a perfect bow! Time has won yet again, But the eternal question remains “who lost her life to time and who was slain?”
“You’re my counterpart, we’ve been fused, now one plus one equals one, not two.”
“If it is not possible that you shall be my mother, it is possible that I shall be your child.”
“If your ego wins, I shall lose you else if my love wins, we shall lose each other.”
“Smoking causes painful death while love causes painful life.”
“Some people live in lonely relationship while others live in silent relationship.”
“You won't find the same person twice, not even in the same person.”
“People who don’t value your love label your love as too much.”
“Our universe of gold Until then let the gold in me spread all across the sea, For in the sea of infinity, there is the pine tree, the moonlight, but you are my only royalty, For whom in actuality I created the gold sea, The mist , the river and all await to be kissed by your beauty, to feel that eternal reality! Welcome to my universe Irma, where everything is for you, The pine tree, the mist, the river and even their maker, Who has missed you and always sought you, Right from childhood when the universe was young and I was still a silly dreamer, Maybe you still want to ponder on accepting me as your lover, Because I live in rooms, I am homeless, but I never live in empty spaces, I fill them with my love, my passion like a true seeker, But in doing so , I sometimes feel emptiness within me and only your love can fill these void spaces, So rescue me and I shall rescue you right back, I will let you be the little girl still inside you, Who can fearlessly traverse the lengths of my universe white and black, Where everything is for you because it exists because of you!”
“We had a surprise visit from the Nicolsons. She is a pronounced Sapphist, and may, thinks Ethel Sands, have an eye on me, old though I am. Snob as I am, I trace her passions five hundred years back, and they become romantic to me, like old yellow wine.”
“Somewhere in the darkness between dreaming and consciousness, I thought I heard him whisper, “You’re all I ever wanted, Pep.”
“He was beautiful. Not just in his skin, his face, or his body. Not just in the way he made me feel. He was beautiful into the very depths of his soul. He was all that was good and kind. Pure and free.”
“I felt like I was seeing through him. Through his skin, his muscles, his bones. All the way down into his soul. I wondered if just a lifetime with him would be enough. Not as a friend, or neighbor, or even a lover, but as a person. Would I get to know him beyond this life? Beyond the bodies that we're in right now? Not knowing the answer to that question terrified me. Because I wanted to know him in every lifetime.”
“There is a reason for everything, even the bad things. And that I have to appreciate you so much that it almost hurts because for all the bad in the Universe, there is a lot of good too, and you are proof of that. And just this lifetime with you isn’t enough to appreciate all of it, so I have to make sure I find you in all of them– that I know you in all of them. And if I’m really, really lucky, I’ll get to love you in all of them too.”
“Time traveller He calls himself a time traveller, He travels anywhere and anytime, He is a very adept traveller, Who knows how to bypass time, We once met suddenly, When the traveller was travelling the highway of life, He was pacing very efficiently, And that day I happened to be on the same highway of life, As I was about to cross a junction, He stopped there too, And enquired if I knew how this highway of life did function? “I may not know that better than you,” Was my polite and slow answer, “Ah haa, you appear to be a stranger on this highway, Come let me introduce you to few tricks old and quite a few newer, So, come let us go this way.” Said the traveller as we both stepped on the highway, And paced towards a destination of his choosing, It was a beautiful experience anyway, Though his few ways were very amusing, Then we stopped at a far away corner, And he pulled something from his bag, He was smart but this thing seemed smarter, He opened it and removed the safety tag, Now he turned to me and said, “Look at the sky, what do you see?” And I without being reticent said, “The sky, the Sun, that is all I see,” Looking at me he replied, “I thought so, and here is the fact, You see the sky and just the Sun, But you miss the real act, Time invested cannot be undone, You see I am a time traveller and I travel with it, Today on this highway, tomorrow on another, But I never miss the destination even by a bit, And as we were walking together, I asked you what you see when you look at the sky, You should have said, nothing, I have no time for it, Because the Sun will be there, so will be the sky, Being the time travellers we are not allowed to sit, We have to keep on moving and always seeking, Until we reach our destiny, Now this for you is my lesson worth heeding, If you are to find your final destiny, So let the Sun be, let the stars shine, and let the sky spread its magical blue, You keep travelling, moving, from one destination to another, Then you shall be a time traveller too, Like none other, like none other, So we switched lanes on the highway, He rode in a direction new, And now I was a lone rider on my life’s highway, Having realised what is known to just a few, That to be the time traveller, We should not wander but travel with a fixed aim, Because a true traveller is like a true lover, Who knows love and destiny are not a game, So for the real time traveller, it is always one destiny and one love, Though crossing many destinations is a part of it all, But the passion for love and to love, Supercedes the lure of destinations all! Now I often see the time traveller on the highways that I cross, We just bow our heads and move ahead, Because we have a destination to cross, To reach the final destiny of love, and in this pursuit we shall always stay ahead!”
“Nos enamoramos no solo de las personas que existen en esta realidad con nosotros. A veces hay entrecruzamientos, viajes ilegales, fugas a mundos prohibidos en los cuales nos relacionamos con individuos hechos de óleo, de papel o que solo se mueven y hablan y sufren en las pantallas. A veces nos enamoramos de seres que habitan en otros reinos. El amor es un viaje hacia lo desconocido, hacia el misterios, y su maravilla radica en que nos obliga a cruzar fronteras, a ir mas allá de todo limite establecido.”
“In the naked reality! In the nakedness of the reality, She reflects in my mind’s imagination, Sometimes she becomes a dream of endless beauty, Where she is everything, even reality’s beautiful personification, In the smile that slowly grows over my face, She neutralizes every feeling of anxiety, And how happily my heart beats pace, In a feeling of love’s sobriety, Then as I hold her hand, In the midst of Summer flowers, She assumes the form of beauty that grows in my land, Land of reality, land of Irma’s dreams, Irma’s kisses, Irma’s beauty, the land of lovers, We tread and walk for sometime, In this naked moment of the reality, Invaded by a feeling of joy sublime, Because I walk with the most authentic form of beauty, At night when the sky is shimmering with distant glowing dots, We sit under a chestnut tree, To experience our love and a feeling that never departs, Wherever we might be, Finally in this naked moment of reality, I grow over her skin like a shadow that grows over something, I kiss her and then her beauty, Until we both become part of everything, The thing itself and the shadow that covers the thing, The feeling of love that covers us inside out, Then when our hearts no longer beat, but they only sing, I hold her hand and experience love with nothing to fear and with no doubt, And this romance continues to grow, Like two shadows fused into one, And as my endless feelings of love over her skin flow, We lie in this state of naked reality without letting anyone know!”
“Even my sleepless eyes dreams you, know how much I miss you.”
“The one who kisses everyone is the one who has never been kissed by anyone.”
“Dear love, our separation was not because of my anger, because of your arrogance.”
“Hate is an another form of love.”
“Dear love, I'm your never ending hate and you're my never ending love.”
“Your and my corner! Not in any corner, And at all not there, But in our own corner, Where light bends and shadows play, just there, Let us romance, Feel the feelings of love, Just in that corner known as the corner of romance, Let us take our chances and kiss and love, Our corner, just your and my corner, Where time knowingly does not venture, Let me embrace you behind the shadows of light in that corner, Where you with me and I with you always venture, Where time is your kiss of eternity, And the space is the feeling of your beauty, Let me dive into this eternity, And float along with your waves of passions and endless beauty, There my love Irma, let us create our corner, Where light bends, shadows play and your smile always greets me, Let me discover your wonder in that secret corner, And let your beauty seep into me, Then whenever we visit this secret corner, It shall always be you and me, To create a cascading relay of corners, one corner followed by another corner, But in all, you and me, forever just you and me!”
“At the edge of forever! I was at a new limit, The place called the edge of time and light, There was nothing like beyond because this was it, Where everything ended or maybe began, it was neither day nor night, Time did not slow, it just had no flow, There was everywhere, there was nowhere, there was up and there was down, And time did not know where to go, So it stood there at the edge like a king without crown, At this edge of forever when I looked back, There was time looping towards this limit, Chasing it like a light chases the black, And when it had found it, it realised this indeed wasn't it, Of what it had been dreaming from the moment of its creation, A place where it could rest just a while, And feel its own self, and known its own sensation, But even a single step cannot be missed in a journey of a mile, And for time it was the curse of its own creation, So when its moments stood at the edge of forever, They realised it was the end of everything, every now, every then, every this and every that, And from this edge they could now escape never, Because what these moments of time had been seeking it was not that, The edge of universe where there is no gravity, Where time could adopt a milder pace, Alas, time was kissed by eternity, So it was bound to be exiled in its own space, The edge of forever, Where there is everywhere and yet there is nowhere, And their lie the most primitive forms of moments of time roaming the edge of forever, There what happens once is repeated never, That is why it is the edge, the ultimate limit, Time can never travel beyond and light can never reach, This final and remotest limit, Where the virtues of time are breached, and time is left with nothing to breach, There my love, I will love you behind everything, And lay these immortal and ancient moments of time at your feet, And then you and I shall enjoy everything, There my love I shall wait for you at the edge of forever as long as my heart can beat!”
“Look at love! Look at how love has danced to merge two souls who were once scattered and shattered into pieces and ashes.”
“I exist through you! An existence like a fluid, Where everything assumes the shape of desires, The heart keeps beating and thoughts keep arising, While passions do not settle and rage like wildfires, Dreams float in an ocean of fluid imaginations, Mountains gaze at the stars tirelessly, Hoping they would fall somehow and tumble over its edges, And in hope of the stars, and the mountain peaks, I climb the mountains of my life relentlessly, The moonlight shines over the summit, But in a while the summit vanishes and the mountain is gone, In this fluid world only your thoughts have a reliable permanence, Desires in the ocean of imagination take dips of hope, To retrieve the wet feelings of your kiss and those wet moments of romance, The sky sometimes looks at me and feels sad, Maybe, it is just a false impression of my mind, But it is true in your absence the ocean of fluid desires tends to get deeper, And over its ripples, waves, and million whirling cones they try to unwind, But then fluidity comes with inherent uncertainty, And a desire that exists as a memory of summer or anything that is not bound to you, eventually tends to fuse with your memories too, And in this vast and deep ocean of fluidity, Then you and your memories spread everywhere, They now govern the principles of fluid desires in the ocean of fluid wishes, Where every desire begins with you only to end with you, And as waves of my fluid existence cascade through the unknown plains of life, My mountains of desires and your memories always remind them of you, Those wet feelings, our feelings, that sink to the bottom of this ocean, Raise its volume of sentiment and emotional viscosity, Then the fluid motion somehow stops to move, And I get carried to the middle of this world of our desires, our wishes, our kisses that engulf me in their enormity, And I gradually spread my arms wide, To let this fluid world of existence circle me, The moon disappears, the stars turn fainter and the night turns dark, As these wet kisses, wet desires riding the waves of fluid imaginations flow through me, And I become a fluid entity myself in this fluid world of desires, Then the mountains fall, stars tumble and the sky collapses too, Because now it is just you and only you, in this world of fluid desires, Where I exist, but now only through you!”
“I exist through you! An existence like a fluid, Where everything assumes the shape of desires, The heart keeps beating and thoughts keep arising, While passions do not settle and rage like wildfires, Dreams float in an ocean of fluid imaginations, Mountains gaze at the stars tirelessly, Hoping they would fall somehow and tumble over its edges, And in hope of the stars, and the mountain peaks, I climb the mountains of my life relentlessly, The moonlight shines over the summit, But in a while the summit vanishes and the mountain is gone, In this fluid world only your thoughts have a reliable permanence, Desires in the ocean of imagination take dips of hope all alone, To retrieve the wet feelings of your kiss and those wet moments of romance, The sky sometimes looks at me and feels sad and develops an unknown urge, Maybe, it is just a false impression of my mind, But it is true in your absence the ocean of fluid desires tends to get deeper and feels like a dirge, And over its ripples, waves, and million whirling cones they try to unwind, But then fluidity comes with inherent uncertainty, And a desire that exists as a memory of summer or anything that is not bound to you Irma, eventually tends to fuse with your memories too, And in this vast and deep ocean of fluidity, Then you and your memories spread everywhere, They now govern the principles of fluid desires in the ocean of fluid wishes, Where every desire begins with you only to end with you, And as waves of my fluid existence cascade through the unknown plains of life where everything perishes, My mountains of desires and your memories Irma, always remind them of you, Those wet feelings, our feelings, that sank to the bottom of this ocean, Raise its volume of sentiment and emotional viscosity, Then the fluid motion somehow stops to move and everything gets stranded in this still state of the ocean, But I get carried to the middle of this world of our desires, our wishes, our kisses and they engulf me in their enormity, And I gradually spread my arms wide, To let this fluid world of existence circle me, The moon disappears, the stars turn fainter and the night turns dark in this still ocean wide, As these wet kisses, wet desires stir again, they flow through me, And I become a fluid entity myself in this fluid world of desires, Then the mountains fall, stars tumble and the sky collapses too, Because now it is just you and only you, in this world of fluid desires, Where I exist, but now only through you! The ocean of fluid imaginations finally enters into a restive state, As my fluid existence bonds with your wet kisses and wet desires, The wet kisses splash over me in this tempest of fluid desires and now neither you nor I am a desire innate!”
“Silence of the desert! The Summer flower and the lover, The night sky and the moon light lovelier, The rain and the monsoon that is wetter, A moment in time forever and a moment called never, The high that balances with the low, The deep of ocean at the shores is shallow, The midday Sun in the night is Moon’s glow, The summer colours like rainbow and the Autumnal yellow, The bound cocoon and the the free butterfly, The web and the spiders ploys, The vast sky and the wings of freedom to fly, The responsible manhood and the careless wanton boy, The right that knows the wrong, And the wrong that sometimes never knows where right does belong, Life that walks and death that never likes life’s song, The day chasing the night and the night chasing the day to create eternity’s song, A feeling of never ending silence over a vast desert of sand dunes, Climbs and walks past the sinking steps of time in these dunes, To greet me in the Summer land of my life while it is playing the love tunes, And as the silence spreads I am reminded of you and me together, just like the silence over the sand dunes, Without you the Summer exists, but never feels so, Because with you around, even the desert feels like Summer and then this feeling does not go, Then it is always the Summer flower and the lover, wherever I see or I may go, Then the chase between night and day ends and it remains so, So I often visit this desert of silence, this desert of time’s sinking foot steps, Because in this silence as my heart beats, I only hear your steps, The whispers of silence which are like your billion foot steps, All marching towards me , you, your memories, your feelings riding these footsteps, Then the stillness, the silence, the sand dunes turn into a mirage of gleaming beauty, A gateway unto you and your endless beauty, And there in this silence I become a part of this new nativity, The stillness, the silence, the vastness and in the midst of all this, the desert blooms like the summer bearing your beauty!”
“Your special someone! In the vastness of her inner mind, In the confines of her selective memories, In the visions of her eyes refined, I want to discover our love stories, In the blinking of her eyelids, In the movement of her hands, In the flickering of her lips and their deliberate wet slides, I wish to create our empire of love lands, In the mere act of her standing and doing nothing, Just standing there staring at time, In her thoughts, in her feelings, and in her everything, I want to be her companion, or a mere shadow always cast on her moment of time, In the idleness of her mind and its moments of thinking, In the days of her life and the nights of her dreams, In the smile that springs from her face when her beautiful eyes are blinking, I wish to be her happy dreams and those infinite love beams, In her playful mood, in her pensive moments, In her feelings that originate from somewhere within her, In her heart beats and her life’s pavements, I want to be her blissful destiny, just like a feeling always living within her, In the moments of her secret confessions, When her heart secretly talks to her mind, In her secret love breeding sessions, I wish to be her passion, her emotion, her feeling, her everything that she wishes to find, In her North, her South, her East and in her West, In her quest to seek her moment of glory, In the adventures of her heart where she is the best, I wish to be the beginning and the end of her life’s every story, In the day when she is awake, And during the night when she is asleep, In the silence of her mind, where she, her darling worlds does make, I wish to be her treasure, her feelings, that always towards me leap, In the sensitivity of her actions, In the beauty that glows on her beautiful face, In her simple, yet charming attractions, I wish to be that ingredient of eternal grace, In the silence of her room, In the tender fluttering of her window curtains, In the beauty of her Summer bloom, I wish to be her heart’s only happy bulletins, In the tip-toeing of her feet, In the humming of her favorite song, In the relaxing rhythm of her every heart-beat, I wish to be her movement, leading her to my heart and memories, where she truly does belong, In the feelings of her passionate kiss, In the passions of her midnight dreams, In the moments of her sensual bliss, I wish to be her desire, and the loveliest dream, that so real seems, In the sunshine of the beautiful Summer day, In the calm of the warm Summer night, In the sweet corner of her room, where, she her dreams of passion does display, I wish to be her anxiety, and her love’s delight, In that every thought where she thinks of someone, In that step that she takes towards that special someone, In her need to be with someone, Irma, I wish to be the only one, that special someone!”
“Your special someone! In the vastness of her inner mind, In the confines of her selective memories, In the visions of her eyes refined, I want to discover our love stories, In the blinking of her eyelids, In the movement of her hands, In the flickering of her lips and their deliberate wet slides, I wish to create our empire of love lands, In the mere act of her standing and doing nothing, Just standing there staring at time, In her thoughts, in her feelings, and in her everything, I want to be her companion, or a mere shadow always cast on her moment of time, In the idleness of her mind and its moments of thinking, In the days of her life and the nights of her dreams, In the smile that springs from her face when her beautiful eyes are blinking, I wish to be her happy dreams and those infinite love beams, In her playful mood, in her pensive moments, In her feelings that originate from somewhere within her, In her heart beats and her life’s pavements, I want to be her blissful destiny, just like a feeling always living within her, In the moments of her secret confessions, When her heart secretly talks to her mind, In her secret love breeding sessions, I wish to be her passion, her emotion, her feeling, her everything that she wishes to find, In her North, her South, her East and in her West, In her every quest to seek her moment of glory, In the adventures of her heart where she is the best, I wish to be the beginning and the end of her life’s every story, In the day when she is awake, And during the night when she is asleep, In the silence of her mind, where she, her darling worlds does make, I wish to be her treasure, her feelings, that always towards me leap, In the sensitivity of her actions, In the beauty that glows on her beautiful face, In her simple, yet charming attractions, I wish to be that ingredient of eternal grace, In the silence of her room, In the tender fluttering of her window curtains, In the beauty of her Summer bloom, I wish to be her heart’s only happy bulletins, In the tip-toeing of her feet, In the humming of her favorite song, In the relaxing rhythm of her every heart-beat, I wish to be her movement, leading her to my heart and memories, where she truly does belong, In the feelings of her passionate kiss, In the passions of her midnight dreams, In the moments of her sensual bliss, I wish to be her desire, and the loveliest dream, that so real seems, In the sunshine of the beautiful Summer day, In the calm of the warm Summer night, In the sweet corner of her room, where, she her dreams of passion does display, I wish to be her sweet anxiety, and her love’s delight, In every thought where she thinks of someone, In every step that she takes towards that special someone, In her every need to be with someone, Irma, I wish to be the only one, that special someone!”
“Our beginning is to remember love. Our journey is to realise that we are love. Our destination is to become love.”
“Imagine you and I were eternal— A Goddess and a God capable of miracles, Standing as one at the beginning of time. Every time you kiss me, a world is created. Every time I kiss you, a world vanishes. When we kiss, time stops again. Between two kisses, time continues to flow. You kiss me first, for your breath ruptures with creativity. One kiss, and a universe is brought to life— A perfect world full of beauty and pain. Wait, I whisper—another universe would be one too many. I kiss you back, and the world vanishes. Once again we are all alone, just you and me. It took one cosmic unit of time for you to kiss me And just half of that time, for me to kiss you back. And a half of that half for you to kiss me again. We take infinitely many turns: Who can tell if this game is one of lust or a brawl? Each kiss betides twice faster than the last. When the clock strikes the second cosmic unit of time Who’ll be the winner between the two of us? If you kiss me last, I promise we’ll be dancing through a multiverse If I kiss you last, then everything will fall into oblivion— even this eternal love.”
“Imagine you and I were eternal— A Goddess and a God capable of miracles, Standing as one at the beginning of time. Every time you kiss me, a world is created. Every time I kiss you, a world vanishes. When we kiss, time stops again. Between two kisses, time continues to flow. You kiss me first, for your breath ruptures with creativity. One kiss, and a universe is brought to life— A perfect world full of beauty and pain. Wait, I whisper—another universe would be one too many. I kiss you back, and the world vanishes. Once again we are all alone, just you and me. It took one cosmic unit of time for you to kiss me And just half of that time, for me to kiss you back. And a half of that half for you to kiss me again. We take infinitely many turns: Who can tell if this game is one of lust or a brawl? Each kiss betides twice faster than the last. When the clock strikes the second cosmic unit of time Who’ll be the winner between the two of us? If you kiss me last, I promise we’ll be dancing through a multiverse If I kiss you last, then everything will fall into oblivion— even this eternal love.”
“Wanting to be loved back isn't a very high expectation.”
“My science is you, my art is you, The morning of my mind is you. Home is you, my heaven is you, The truth of my life is you.”
“Love is like a flooded river nothing shall stand in front.”
“There are two ways to express your love and affection, either kiss or hug else both.”
“Dear love, when you came towards me, I gone mad.”
“My love is blind, your eyes are the witness.”
“Without trust, though too close, yet too far.”
“Do not say a word just fly with me to the moon, And let me kiss you there in an undisturbed stillness!”
“Dear love, If you're not mine, I'm not your soulmate.”
“Dear love, I'm Hindu by birth, I'm Christian by heart, I'm Muslim by body and you're my religion.”
“Love before language, Heart before heritage.”
“The world is beautiful. What the world needs more of are people with a beautiful heart.”
“Bring me the stars She wanted me to bring her those stars, I looked at the sky and wondered how far they could be, They had witnessed moments of triumph, romance and many wars, And from where I was they appeared too distant to me, But then a feeling greeted me suddenly, “To know how far , far can be; you must go, Bring her the stars she loves so passionately, And how much she loves you, you shall know!” I could dare the dark even the unknown, But being unable to see her would be like witnessing the sky without stars, And in my thoughts in these distant skies I have often flown, Knowing that she is beside me, kissing me, touching me, unlike these far away stars, Yet her wish, her desire, is like this night sky to me, Where the stars indeed exist, But somehow this sky of mine where she is everything, she fails to see, Perhaps this is why from seeking these new and unknown stars I resist, But tonight she kissed me with her eyes and she spread over my soul, And said, “I want those stars and the sky too.” I wondered how I could steal the empire of Gods whole, But for her love, her smile, her warm and wet kisses, I can anything do, So I held her in my embrace and felt her everywhere, Then I let her drown into my eyes, And from there, when she returned she had retrieved the sky, the stars from somewhere, Then her smile and the passion in her eyes, Poured over me like the million kisses of love, And from this night onwards, whenever she loves me in the darkness of the night, I hold her warm body in my arms and kiss her with the feeling of love, And then she dives into my eyes of passion to retrieve her objects of delight, It has been so, since that night, that starry night, When I realised how far, far can be, And with the feeling of love one can even steal the starlight, At least this is how I feel Irma, whenever you confess you love me!”
“Dear love, let me love you, let me cry for you, let me live for you.”
“Introducing my love, (1) How can I live without you? (2) Living with you is my life. (3) I can't live without you. (4) I want to live with you.”
“Sometimes I think, Love comes in small pockets”
“Duty is what I do for others. Devotion is all of me that I faithfully give to you.”
“Love isn't a habit. Love is a feeling.”
“Darling   your small eyes make my nights longer.”
“If you can realize your heart beat in her face, you both are made for each other.”
“Your hug, the only time I feared love.”
“Hannah do you even know the meaning of evening silences? Watching the ebb, the halo hanging upon your eyes? Hannah do we even know the love we twined in those pines? We walked with veils like of virgin shyness? Those constellation, those stars that gleam and thrill, those seamless touches, those eyes, shyness and sheen, those Hannah, those nights painted by Vincent Van Gogh, those nights I took you in my arms and held you like an eg”
“Japanese lilies and her beautiful face In a crowded market place, People walked, moved; and quite a few preferred to amble, While I searched for my known space, Where she sells beauty’s earthly samples without too much too gamble, I walked past the busy spaces and the bustling market views, People haggling, a few arguing, It was like life was tasked to seek reviews, In ways pleasing and many a time annoying, Finally I reached there where I wanted to be, And there she was this beautiful maiden, And as she prospected every face, her eyes finally rested on me, For a while nothing existed, as if time its pace had forgotten, Only to be revived back to life, When the maiden at the flower shop said, “Hello, and welcome to the shop of beautiful life,” My eyes moved, my lips shivered and in response I only shook my head, I looked at flowers with different colours, And her eyes followed mine to every spot where they rested, I could be there, with the flowers and the maiden, for many hours, Because at this flower shop, all the flowers only of her beauty attested, She knew it too because the sparkle in her eyes was brewing with confidence, She knew she was like the most beautiful summer rose that ever existed, And I only visited the shop to feel surrounded by this beauty’s appeal so dense, Her beauty was not just a visual act but an experience, where a new appeared as soon as the old exited, She was pure beauty, and maybe my only and my wilful addiction, While I was soaking in this experience of charm and beauty, She tenderly felt my hand trembling with love’s affliction, “Here, look at these new samples of eternal beauty,” She said this with a professional tone and demand, They were small clusters of white charm, Beautiful as anything beautiful can be resting peacefully in beauty’s eternal wand, Peaceful to look at that always kindled feelings warm, It was such a delight to witness and see, Then she silently quoth this, “They are called the Japanese lilies that sparkle like the pearls from the deepest sea, They look like joys suspended on the branches of bliss, These beautiful Japanese lilies bearing the sparkle of the pearl from the deepest sea.” I again nodded my head with a smile, As I looked at them closely, They indeed were clusters of white joy hanging there with a beautiful smile, And I said hurriedly, “certainly!” Then I realised something strange, They were bending downwards, as if gravity pulled them harder, It was nothing like flowers at other shops, so it indeed was very strange, I looked at all the flowers and then I looked at her, And there it was, in her eyes, her beautiful face her overall grace, That the flowers in her shop felt so inferior, Because all Japanese lilies and every Summer flower was but a reflection of her face, And it was difficult to tell whether they were her lovers or she was there lover, But to me, they all shone as the brilliance in her eyes, The rose had offered her its blush, The lies had granted her the twinkling miracle of the night skies, And all other flowers had rendered her eternally beautiful and lush, And whenever they looked at her, The flowers drooped a bit, And maybe that is why I buy all my flowers from her, Because like these helpless flowers I too love her every bit, and thus my love affair with her and her flowers has matured bit by bit! And now neither the flowers nor I can quit, So it is an affair that shall last till eternity and this is how I prefer it, She loving the flowers, I loving her, and as soon as my memory amidst her beautiful memories is lit, Then I am sure, like these flowers, and like me; now she too cannot quit, not even a bit!”
“No matter where the Queen is and what battle she is fighting. She has to come back when her King is in danger.”
“He came to me and lifted my chin with his fingers so I looked directly at him. “What is it, Titalee?” “Do you still like me?” He was confused but after a few seconds; he tilted his face. “You even have to ask?” He picked up my hair strands and said. “You have me wrapped around your single hair strand.”
“Let me kiss you Irma! There in the middle, in the space between the light and dark, Let me love you in the corners bright, Where your heart beat is the mark, To guide me through the mist of time with all my might, Because my love it is you that spreads like brightness in my world, Where your memories cast everlasting light, On the darkest and desolate corners of my world, And then fills me with the spirit to fight, All my demons and my fears, Your simple look offers me endless joy, As my existence the drapery of your brightness wears, And I begin to foil life’s every ploy, To oust me from my dominion, that is mine, But little does it know one can never steal the scent from the rose, And your memories that enrich me, become my goldmine, Granting me courage that before the brightest flash of life, I may put up my best pose, So come let me bear you in my arms, Let me kiss you like the night kisses everything beyond those shadows, And as my heart with these beautiful feelings warms, Let me offer smiles to the life’s marooned widows, Who have moaned enough and grieved a lot, Let me kiss you and then wage the war, Between the right and the evil in the reality’s merciless plot, It may happen that then stars that seem too far, Would tumble from the skies, To bury the evil in the star dust, But let us tread with caution for haste is only good when catching flies, For lovers always do what they must, It is the destiny of love and maybe the price of the kiss, That we all pay for with our heart beats, So let me hold you in my arms and feel my real bliss, Before my fate confronts the destiny and my courage both of them meets, In the open playground of life and chance, Where the truthful and the valiant always wins, Because it is a well coordinated dance, Where one always has to win though it is a competition between the twins, So kiss me and wish for my victory, Because through me you shall win too, As we are cast in the life’s endless trajectory, Where there shall always be one constant Irma, that, I love you, So, let the stars bear witness to valour of love, And as you kiss me, let the stars tumble from the skies, Then let no one seek the Heavens above, Because for our love, our passions and joys, here is where a lover dies, And this is where Christ died, This is where crusades were waged, This is where goodness was promoted and this is where Judas lied, And this is where lovers are caged, So let our battles of love be fought here, For a kiss, for a warm embrace, for a sweet memory’s sake, Then as I see you and your beauty everywhere, Let me love you forever for love’s and my own sake, Tonight when the sky shall be lit with many a twinkling star, I shall wait under the open sky and the moonlight, And as my eyes behold their darling most star, We shall then be the shadows in the darkness secretly kissing our heart beats in the cover of the night. To cast particles of darkness and cover the moonlight, And make it a part of our own shadows, Then we shall create a romantic night, As we freely fleet across the night’s endless love meadows.”
“I wish I could give you a flower and recite a poem for you. But they say you’re comfortable with a gun in your hand, and flowers mean nothing to you. Is it true? Please throw the gun away. Let us hold hands.”
“She and her kisses It was Saturday afternoon, The Summer Sun shone bright, And there she was as usual basking in the casual moments of the noon, While I stood there looking at her beautiful face in the Summer light, She turned sideways and sometimes I could only see her back, And as her locks of hair descended downwards from her shoulders, I could witness in the daylight the magic of the beautiful black, It was a beautiful sight for all heavenly and earthly beholders, To see her splendor of beauty humble the Summer light, And what made her even more beautiful was her ignorance of this fact, That she was brighter than the summer light and during the night she was the envy of moonlight, And with time she seemed to have a secret pact, For the afternoon sun had now set behind the horizon of dusk, But she and her beauty were still embalmed by a mysterious eternal light, That charged at the keeper of time like the ferocious tusk, And guarded her beauty like the most devout knight, When she finally stood up and left the place, I followed the trail of her scent, her shadows and her feet, And there I saw her enter a grand palace of grace, The residence of beautiful innocence made radiant by acts of kindness that nothing can defeat, Because time and beauty are the gatekeepers of this place, Where she sleeps and renews her youth, her charms and her sensitive acts of tenderness, Then in a moment she vanishes behind the veil of sleep without leaving any trace, On the fleeting moments of time, so nobody knows how she attains this beautiful grace of absolute calmness, Maybe it is her ability to look at men and women differently, For no matter who she comes across she greets them genuinely, And offers them a smile of kindness fondly, And it is these acts, small insignificant acts of kindness that flash on her face so beautifully, That is why I love her, even if it means looking at her from the distance, Because I seek not that smile of kindness that she offers to all, I love to be with her and feel that secret romance, That has enslaved time to her commands and makes her the most beautiful woman of all, Someday when the sun has set and the moonlight is bright, And she travels in her dreams into the kingdom of time and eternity, There I shall be her dream, to be so then every night, And then that is what I shall love to be her and my eternity, Where she kisses me, And we lie cocooned in the shell of love, With time winding its silk strings around me, As she kisses me like the rain drops of love, Then as the silk cocoon of time preserves us both, I shall confess to her, under the afternoon Sun, That for her I was the moth, That died a billion times just to let her face, be the beauty’s eternal Sun, So she owes me a moment of love, with a billion kisses, And as she agrees we both shall sleep in the cocoon of time together, Nothing to separate us, not even light, we shall then grow as a grand feeling of love thriving on kisses, And grow in the cocoon of eternal time where love and kisses shall be the only weather.”
“To lovers out there … Social media standards destroy relationships and marriages. What you need to understand is people are not the same. Everyone has their own unique custom features, which is created by their experience that makes them behave or act different than others. Whatever you read online or anywhere might not apply to all man or women even thou it applies to Peter or Mary.”
“In the future if by miracle you ever find yourself in the position to fall in love again, fall in love with me”
“Love has no sex, it is gender-less.”
“I, inside you! ( Part 1 ) It was quite and still, Though she lay beside me, The room did with a sense of coziness fill, As I looked at her and she looked at me, Even the winking of the eyes had ceased, For it disturbed the rhyme of our feelings, Love in our life had doubtlessly increased, Inspite of times passing moments and their wanton stealings, So, she did not wink and neither did I, We lay there still, covered in the morning light, I was glad that finally I could say, it was I who she loved, just I, Not winking, hearts throbbing, in that embrace tight, The warm sunbeams pierced through the curtain, And lit the corners and walls of the room, It was love, it was eternity, it was everything, it was romantic, of it I was now certain, And then like a bright Summer rose her body and her feelings over mine did bloom, I did not want to wink anymore, Because I did not want to miss her beauty even for a split second, She loved me, I loved her, she kissed me, I kissed her just like always and before, She was silent, she was passionate, she was a beautiful woman in love with nothing to pretend, And with every new beam of light invading the room, She held me tighter and drew me closer, It felt like Summer beauty was the bride and I was its sole groom, And how loved I felt being with her, Almost like the Autumn mist that spreads itself around everything, She grew over me, Till in this state of eternal everything I felt like nothing, And it did not matter as long as she was kissing me, Time was waiting at the door, The destiny was knocking on the sunshine kissed walls, Cupid was busy shooting arrows of absolute amour, But now we were nowhere, because like the sunshine we hung everywhere in the room made of love walls,”
“I, inside you! ( Part 2 )      .So time waited at the door and the destiny knocked too, But the ones they had been sent for had become something else, So time asked destiny,” if still it could do what it was meant to do?” And it replied, “Only if they wink I can fulfil your wish. Until then there is nothing else I can do, nothing else!” But for her kiss, for her embrace, for the rhythm of her heart beats, I never winked my eyes, Even though many sunshines had passed and the walls had witnessed million moonlights, The time waits there, the destiny is tired too, to be the joy of the Cupid who lives in the skies, And had granted us the dreams made of lights, So, there was no need to wink, There was no need to wake up, And time that steals moments whenever lovers blink, Had become the Destiny’s Atlas, bearing our yoke, because we had poured ourselves into the depths of love cup, Where time disappeared and never found its end, There, there in the depths of the love cup, I love my darling Irma forever, And for her smiles, her kisses, I had compelled the destiny to bend, Because fate too favours the destiny of the wish, of a true lover, And in the room of love walls, we lie submersed in the love cup, She and I caught in the eternal embrace, Where time waits, destiny waits too, and we neither wink nor look up, Because I am caught in the moment of her eternal grace, Her beauty, her heart beat and her face, And I want to be in this place just with her, Away from the disturbances of time, worries of destiny, just with her and her beautiful face, Where she belongs to me and I belong to her, So, let the time wait till the end of everything, Then when time does not exist destiny would cease to be, Then Irma, we shall arise from the state of nothing, And the universe shall be just you, and me, With no curtains, no walls, no time, no destiny, Your heart beats, your beautiful face and our eternal embrace, Then maybe we shall be the darlings of divinity, Because in the wide and infinitely empty space, it shall be left with no choice, but to feed your grace, Then as a lover I shall be truly jovial, Because now, Irma, everything would lie at your feet, Destiny, time, eternity, and that instinct original and primeval, Where only you and I shall be destined to meet! With the cup of love always full, Of your beauty, your feelings, your smiles, and you, Then I shall dive into it and let it cover me full, And disappear forever somewhere inside you, only you!”
“Even that pain is a kind of pleasure, to feel so loved, to love so deeply.”
“You are mine, mo krrá . The same way that I am yours. From now until the end of time.”
“What is mine will never leave. What leave was never mine.”
“Memories of love She is the flower that blooms in every season, For me she is the logic and my life’s every reason, To serenade her for her beautiful ways, During the cold Winter nights and during the warm Summer days, When I lie vacant in my mind, There is nothing to ponder on and nothing new to find, And no thoughts pass by and everything seems unopposable, I think of you, your beautiful face and your ways loveable, Then something within me dies, something deep inside, Maybe it is the sense of time, sense of existence that no more is willing to reside, In this trepidation which brings grief, To be a languid moment on the fringes of life with no relief, And as this dead part of me buries itself within me, Under the aegis of your sweet memories I now live and see, Whatever life has to offer in its cyclic inventions of fate, While I live, moving like the needles of the clock, and ah the endless wait, So I reside in the hegemony of chance, And in my memories we forever romance, Which rise from the my half that is still alive, Still hopeful, still in love, still romantic, and that is where you and your memories thrive, They are the reason and that subtle force that makes my heart beat, That alive part of my heart where every heart throb only your name does repeat, And as I slide into the corner of my room, I let your memories and smiles on the walls, on the floor, over the windows to bloom, And I stare at this permanent Summer bliss, And these beautiful sights grow over me like a permanent kiss, Where I breathe you and you breathe me, And in the flowers hanging on the walls, sprouting from the floor, growing on the windows, your wonder I see, Then I spread the blanket of your memories, And I sleep with your smiles, with your kisses, and my silent mind unto the land of love ferries, Time may have neutralised my mind, But it has failed to prevent me from my heart’s desire to find, You in everything, in the skies, in the stars in the light and in the dark, And ah its pain, for from memories it has failed to remove any mark, For time that is the unruly mercenary of fate, Killed a part of me and thought now it is my final and insensate state, And as it galloped to erase my memories too, My dying heart beat said, “Irma I love you!” And the horse of time stumbled and fell, How, why maybe nobody can tell, And thus I ceased my moment and ran away with your memories, And now the chariot of time me and you together carries, Ahead of the time that chases me still and maybe forever, But it's fall granted me a lead of few moments newer, And when I tread on the highway of time, You and I my love, are always ahead of the weary horse of Worldly time, So let me spread the blanket of memories and let me sleep now, For I have to be with you, in the land where it is always now, And for the weary moments of worldly time let the circle around the walls of my room, Never to know that lovers live in a zone where it is a permanent summer, in its everlasting beauty’s bloom! The horse of time is worn out but my memories are as fresh as today, And my love Irma, it shall be so everyday!”
“Memories of love She is the flower that blooms in every season, For me she is the logic and my life’s every reason, To serenade her for her beautiful ways, During the cold Winter nights and during the warm Summer days, When I lie vacant in my mind, There is nothing to ponder on and nothing new to find, And no thoughts pass by and everything seems unopposable, I think of you, your beautiful face and your ways loveable, Then something within me dies, something deep inside, Maybe it is the sense of time, sense of existence that no more is willing to reside, In this trepidation which brings grief, To be a languid moment cast on the fringes of life with no relief, And as this dead part of me buries itself within me, Under the aegis of your sweet memories I now live and see, Whatever life has to offer in its cyclic inventions of fate, While I live, moving like the needles of the clock, and ah the endless wait, So I reside in the hegemony of chance, Yet in my memories we forever romance, Which arise from my half that is still alive, Still hopeful, still in love, still romantic, and that is where you and your memories thrive, They are the reason and that subtle force that makes my heart beat, That alive part of my heart where every heart throb only your name does repeat, And as I slide into the corner of my room, I let your memories and smiles on the walls, on the floor, over the windows to bloom, And I stare at this permanent Summer bliss, And these beautiful sights grow over me like a permanent kiss, Where I breathe you and you breathe me, And in the flowers hanging on the walls, sprouting from the floor, growing on the windows, your true wonder I see, Then I spread the blanket of your memories, And I sleep with your smiles, your kisses, and my silent mind unto the land of love ferries, Time may have neutralised my mind, But it has failed to prevent me from my heart’s desire to find, You in everything, in the skies, in the stars in the light and in the dark, And ah its pain, for from memories it has failed to remove any mark, For time that is the unruly mercenary of fate, Killed a part of me and thought now it is my final and insensate state, And as it galloped to erase my memories too, My dying heart beat said, “Irma I love you!” And the horse of time stumbled and fell, How, why, maybe nobody can tell, But I ceased my moment and ran away with your memories, And now the chariot of time both of us carries, Ahead of the time that chases me still and maybe forever, But it's fall granted me a lead of few moments newer, And when I tread on the highway of time, You and I my love, are always ahead of the weary horse of Worldly time, So let me spread the blanket of memories and let me sleep now, For I have to be with you, in the land where it is always now, And for the weary moments of worldly time let them circle around the walls of my room, Never to know that lovers live in a zone where it is a permanent summer, in its everlasting beauty’s bloom! The horse of time is worn out but my memories are as fresh as today, And my love Irma, it shall be so everyday!”
“Agar zubaan hoti kasmo ki.. Toh tum batao kaha jaake muh chupaate?”
“Our love Many moments, many of them, Sometimes I look at her and often at them, Like these moments of time , everywhere she is, Here she is, there she is, wherever I maybe there she is, She lives in these moments of time, Sometimes walking unto me like the memories of time, No matter where I might be, She always finds me via these moments of time, and that is how she wants it to be, Her beauty lying seeded in moments of time, Until she herself becomes an inseparable part of time, Then she can anywhere be, To be my endless joy, For I shall then only behold her wherever I might see, And what a tragedy for the poor mirror it shall be, Casting my reflection, but in the mirror too only her, just her I see, Then what might become of life as it circles around her, Because by now time too has come to love her, Time is wherever she is, And I am wherever she is, Life waits longingly and for her time has no moments to spare, It has lent all its moments to her, that for life it was meant to spare, So her beauty grows and glows everyday, As time renews her every atom of beauty everyday, And as in this wonder of beauty she grows, My mind in her fondness grows, Today time has spent its entire reserve of moments, Now it has nothing left, no seconds, no minutes, no hours, no days, and no moments, So I hold her hand and bring her to the mirror, And together we stand before this well glazed mirror, And now it is the mirror, both of us in it, and time frozen forever, We continue to live in the mirror but time and everything else have lost their virtues forever, For when time gifted her spare moments, actually meant to renew life and its forms, It created a parallel universe of time, where her beauty and my love are the only life’s forms, And this is how it shall be my love, To love and live in these moments filled with the memories of our love.”
“Dear moon, my days are waiting for your arrival and my nights are awaiting your arrival.”
“Anyone shall sacrifice their love but only your wife will sacrifice her life for you.”
“Partner Of Grave," Today, you are young. Your beauty attracts everyone. But the day when you will feel older yourself when you will feel the magic of the body vanish. On that day, time will remind you of the man who fell in love with your soul. but you will not find him because you killed him in All The day when you will feel wrinkles on your skin and will understand; no one wants to touch it. It's not soft anymore. On that day, time will remind that man who dies for the aroma of your skin; for him, it was always the best fragrance. But you will not find him because you killed him in your ignorance. The day you will feel that you are now unable to feed sexual hunger and you will understand men around you but not with you. On that day, time will remind you of that man. who was never hungry for your body, who just feeds love and emotions to your soul and to your heart But you will not find him because You killed him by putting your betrayal knife in his heart. Maybe it will never happen, and maybe your life will be full of love. Maybe you will never remember the past. Maybe you will forget All But on the day when you die, your loving people will bury you. Inside your grave, At that time, you will realize, All the people who love you, all the people who spend their days and nights with you All that for whom you cooked you served, all that whose bed you warm All those who are impressed by your beauty, all those who claim to love you They all buried you here alone and gone. In that your loneliness, time will remind you, that man who just dreamed to lay with you inside your grave, who dream to be buried together in one grave But you will not find him. That day, you will realize who you killed. That day, you will realize you killed a man. who desired to be not only your life partner but also your death partner. who desired to be not only the partner of your bed but also the partner of your grave. Then you'll realize your betrayal killed your partner of grave Partner Of Your Grave,"
“Tidak peduli warna langit kelabu, bila di mataku kau tetap langit biru.”
“You me and our love! There she was, In the calmness of the morning, Yes there she was, Spreading her presence in ways mesmerising and charming, As her beauty hung everywhere now, Here, there, to be everywhere, I felt a world of beauty it was now, Where I belonged only with you somewhere, Now she was in the daylight as well, The light, the day and she, Beauty that was covering everything so well, That I felt the entire universe was nothing, but her deep eyes and she, And in this interplay of lights and your beauty, I wondered where I was, Then I discovered that with you I too was everywhere my love, For now Irma, everything that there was, It was you, me and our love!”
“Darling, your memories completely wets me with heavy rain.”
“My little heart, I had never lived a single day without breathing your love.”
“The One, Always Lives In The Present And Has No Past, LOVE.”
“Everything is only you! Sometimes my heart wants to escape with my head, But my heart beats in all directions tend to tread, And my mind that only thinks of you, Eventually lets my heart beats become an echo of you, Where your memories lie everywhere, and stare at me, From every corner, every side, every direction, it is just you that I see, And then my love Irmna, I love you, Quietly in my heart beats and my mind creates visual glimpses of you, Which appear and fade like bubbles in the sea of time, And whenever a bubble of excitement is about to reach its prime, It bursts and the bubble sprays infinite droplets of memories bearing an image of you, And then how I miss you! Maybe you will never know it, That shall be the tragedy of time and feelings of love which are forfeit, Still I shall think of you and love to create this bubble with you, And feel the droplets of your kisses, which are but distant memories of you, Time travels at its pace but human memories somehow master the art of lying in a timeless space, Where the moments from the past through the lanes of mind towards every heartbeat pace, It is so with me, yet I love to love you, Whenever I travel in the train of time I wish to journey only unto you, So let the memories be there Irma and let the feelings stay true, Let the present know, that it is past that rules and leaves a clue, For the lovers to pick, just like I in every present seek you, This clue from the past, makes me find you in the present, that Universe creates only for me and you, In every bubble of memory that bursts and creates endless droplets of memories, Which cover my body and soul with these time’s pleasantries, Where you grow over me like a skin of feelings and I feel you, Like a touch growing all over me, where everything is now you and only you!”
“Everything is only you! Sometimes my heart wants to escape with my head, But my heart beats in all directions tend to tread, And my mind that only thinks of you, Eventually lets my heart beats become an echo of you, Where your memories lie everywhere, and stare at me, From every corner, every side, every direction, it is just you that I see, And then my love Irma, I love you, Quietly in my heart beats and my mind creates visual glimpses of you, Which appear and fade like bubbles in the sea of time, And whenever a bubble of excitement is about to reach its prime, It bursts and the bubble sprays infinite droplets of memories bearing an image of you, And then how I miss you! Maybe you will never know it, That shall be the tragedy of time and feelings of love which are forfeit, Still I shall think of you and love to create this bubble with you, And feel the droplets of your kisses, which are but distant memories of you, Time travels at its pace but human memories somehow master the art of lying in a timeless space, Where the moments from the past through the lanes of mind towards every heartbeat pace, It is so with me, yet I love to love you, Whenever I travel in the train of time I wish to journey only unto you, So let the memories be there Irma and let the feelings stay true, Let the present know, that it is past that rules and leaves a clue, For the lovers to pick, just like I in every present seek you, This clue from the past, makes me find you in the present, that Universe creates only for me and you, In every bubble of memory that bursts and creates endless droplets of memories, Which cover my body and soul with these time’s pleasantries, Where you grow over me like a skin of feelings and I feel you, Like a touch growing all over me, where everything is now you and only you!”
“उसका हाथ अपने हाथ में लेते हुए मैंने सोचा दुनिया को हाथ की तरह गर्म और सुंदर होना चाहिए.”
“To lovers out there … You are as important as your partner wants you to be to them. There is a huge difference between being important out there and being important to someone.”
“Net of love! What are these scenes unfolding, Over the water of the lake, Where boats are sailing though water is randomly flowing, Is it a sight of motion with no mistake? As the fisherman casts his net, And its octagonal boundaries gradually sink into the water, Where they now lie in their world wet, And wait as octagonal shapes and one single net, when put together, A shoal of fish swims freely and maybe happily too, As they enter this octagonal mesh that waits in silence, The fisherman feels something stir in his mind too, And pulls the net breaking his wait of prolonged patience, And he smiles at the fish struggling to break free, He holds them one by one and tosses them on the floor, This is how it has always been and this is how it shall always be, The struggle for the floor to be the sky and for the sky to even invade the floor, For what spring and summer tames as beauty, Shall be confounded by the Autumn that appears to appear too soon, For in the temple of life there is no deity, There is only the law of bane and the boon, So I watch the fish wriggle on the floor of the boat, As my thoughts sail away with the one I love, And I cast my net over the vast expanse of fate as I wait, To notice in her the same feeling of love reflecting all over my net of love, That I cast only to seek her attention and few smiles, While her beauty glides throughout the universe, Her charm is rendered eternal across the universe’s infinite miles, And my net of love also gets cast across this endless universe!”
“Love? Gentle on every given day.”
“Love is wisdom, no such thing as being a fool for it.”
“Love is not about finding someone, Love is about finding yourself in someone.”
“Pact of love Not in the silence but in the stillness of quietude I want to be with you, Then as our heartbeats break the silence I want to tell you, Darling I love you, And see the flash of joy arise from you, And let the quiet stillness be intruded by you, By your smiles, by your heart beats, by anything that represents you, Then as my world of emotions and feelings grows over you, I shall attempt to steal you from you, To reside somewhere in the eternal stillness with you, Where there is the world but it exists only for me and you, Then as my feelings sink inside you, I shall tune my heart beats with that of you, Then even the stillness will not disturb me and you, Because now it will be hard to tell whether you are inside me or I am inside you, With feelings merged as one, with heart beats beating as one, I shall now see my world through you, Then my love Irma, we shall sign our pact of love bearing just one line, “I was born to love you!”
“My sweet heart, you're an untold love in the dream of a dumb.”
“Dear love, I am the only one on this planet living for your curse.”
“Our feelings and our eyes I asked her, “Irma, what have you done?” She looked at me and replied, “nothing!” I cannot find few of my heart beats a lot seems undone, But there was a feeling that reminded me of something, And I tracked the rhythm of my every heart beat, Which led just to one trace, That whenever I see her and our eyes meet, My heart loses its pace, And there goes my heart beat missing in between this space, The distance between her eyes and mine, Though we stand on the same ground at the same place, Yet my heart beats rush towards her making a bee line, Just to beat closer to her heart, To feel her warmth and swim in the sea of her feelings, And as these love seeking heart beats depart, My heart cries in its painful reelings, Where it finds itself left in the wilderness of nowhere, She is there, her heart is there too, But our eyes still tend to wander somewhere, Where she is willing to say I love you, But her heart beats are yet to feel the miracle of a missing heart beat, That always rushes unto me, Creating love’s fondest retreat, Where wherever I may see, I see her and she only sees me, This is the distance that grows in the eyes, That only these missing heart beats can shorten, Just like when I look at those skies, I am always by her beauty smitten, Her eyes, her smiles, her face and her sweet ways, Are actually the twinkle that the night stars bear, And ah their pain on those Sunny and bright days, When they long to see her, But today, she looked at me and I felt she plugged into my spirit, And a heart beat unknown sank into me with it, Then she started beating in my every heart beat, And how I loved my heart beat, and repeat and repeat, With every heartbeat, “I love you too.” And then the distance in our eyes vanished suddenly, As I held her in my arms and said, “I was born to love you!” And then our two hearts, beat as one and forever happily.”
“Dear love, you're the first and best kiss in my life; Dear friend, you're the first and best sex in my life; Dear wife, you're the first and best child in my life.”
“Your and our sea of love! The night sea, calm and silent, With the lapping sound of waves, There my heart wanders, my heart indulgent, And floats with these waves, Into the ocean of feelings, Into the depths of emotions, And I doubt my heart’s dealings, As it creates new waves of emotions, Where I feel wet with your embrace, And the waves of life surround me from every side, And I seek you riding these waves and merge with your grace, Feeling the beauty of your beautiful face that now stares at me from every side, And then my love Irma, I let myself sink to the bottom, As your feelings, your memories, your touch pile over me, And now I can even feel your every atom, As your conscience of love sinks into me, At the bottom of the life’s sea, Where ripples and waves distract the casual seeker of love, Because the pearls lie at the bottom of the sea, Just like you, every moment sinking into me silently, in this sea of love, Where I am the waves, I am the ripples, I am the sea, And you are the motion that keeps me alive, And in this state I shall now forever be, With you and the sea of life forever in me alive, Then at the bottom as you secretly kiss me, Some mariner shall feel the joy in his heart, And so shall begin the cycle of new waves, new tides in the sea, Where now the sea, the waves, the pearl, everything is part of our heart, That beats endlessly over the surface of the sea, To inspire the true mariner of the sea seeking life and love, To him we shall bear the visions of what he can be, A lover, just like you and me, who always finds his true love, So Irma, let the sea of feelings and your memories grow over me, And let me at the bottom lie submerged, in this vivid presence of thee, Where you are the water, the sea, and everything for me, For my true world is created only when I love thee! And this is what my wish for the true mariner of life shall always be, Seeking love, seeking a wave of passion to ride, And dearing to dive into this sea, At the bottom to discover you and me, Lying in the wet embrace that spreads in all directions, Wherever a true mariner turns to see, Our reflections to discover love’s true sensations, And imagines about the wonder if he too with his lover could dwell in this sea, our sea! And see, The wonder of love and the wonder of the sea, Where life grows on the surface and at the bottom too, For I love you Irma on the surface of the sea, And at its bottom too, So let this mariner come and brave the sea of life, As we cast our spell of love in the form of waves and infinite ripples, Let him discover his own meaningful strife, And flow endlessly with these ripples, To finally tarry at the bottom of this sea, Where now his lover shall tame his weary mind, Just like you do it for me, And make me believe even your heart has a mind, a beautiful mind! That often thinks of me, And dares to plunge into the darkness of the sea, Only to seek me, And realise that at the bottom you and I are the life of the sea! Where many mariners and lovers lie in their state humbled, To flow with these waves endlessly, As we at the bottom of this sea lie passionately cuddled, Like the pearl in an oyster, forever and endlessly!”
“She grows within me She wakes up like a beautiful dream in my mind, Seeking something and desperately trying to find, My memories where she lives everywhere, And as she discovers her thoughts dashing here and there, In every corner of my mind, She loves me in ways refined and undefined, As she discovers my true feelings of love, That fly always unto her, bearing the wings of dove, Then as she dislodges herself intentionally, From this state of loving me endlessly, She wanders tirelessly in the garden of life, To pick a rose that represents love and life, And gifts it to me, Then as its scent floods through me, She gushes like a feeling within me, And how I love in this state to be, Forever within her, and she within me, Where she is not she, I am not who I am, Because we have fused together and that is now who she is and who I am, Two lovers existing as one, One heartbeat, one passion, one strife, one feeling, no other thoughts, none, And as this feelings grows over me, I feel a sense of infinite glee, And ah the wonder that now I can see, Her holding me in her arms in that embrace of eternity, In the light of the day, in the dark of the night, It is she, who now is my only delight, And she lives in my mind, in its thoughts, in my memories all, It is a feeling that nothing can uninstall, I no more feel anything, I only see her wherever I see, And this is how, now I wish it to be, She and I , where her mind grows inside me, And creates a sea, the endless sea, Where we lie hidden from the sun, the moon and the Heaven too, And I confess ceaselessly to her, I love you, I do, yes, I do! In the form of waves in the sea and in the form of tender breeze, So begins our romance that is not meant to cease.”
“Our universe of love! Let us wander like these carefree clouds, All across the sky, Let us create love’s heart beats and its sounds, And then let the two hearts freely fly, Like these clouds in the sky, Where love abounds, And we float like these clouds by and by, To create a feeling that knows no bounds, Where there is only one destiny, The eternity of you and me, And as time every creation confounds in its final act of tyranny, And nothing exists now between you and me, Neither the space, nor time or light, For now there shall only be, You and me, no space, no time and no light, An endless you floating through the infinite me, In this state of nothingness and eternal silence, Then as your heart beats for me Irma, and mine for thee, We shall rescue the universe from this sentence, And create a universe for you and me, By lending it our heart beats, Then as the romantic sound waves travel through the darkness, And the darkness finally retreats, Then the universe gets created in its loveliness, And in it Irma, lie our heart beats, In every atom, every corner, every ray of light, And as my passion your passions meets, We become our own and the universe’s infinite delight, Where now we are what universe is, And the universe is our creation, For whatever there is, It is only our heart beats, our feelings and our single sensation, That lies in this universe of everything, But for you and me, it is our abode of love, And whenever you whisper and I hear something, It is the whisper of endless love, your and just our love, Where the stars are formed every moment, And the universe expands at its happy pace, It develops few feelings benevolent, And creates for you and me, our secret space, That lies beyond the limits of time, Where even light sees nothing, For lovers love to reside in infinite moments of time, Where even a small thing has the potential to be the God of everything, Just like our love that for now is the creator of the universe, Where our love thrives and travels everywhere, You within me while I flow within you, and together we traverse, To finally lie in our secret somewhere, that for everyone else is nowhere, only for you and me always there somewhere!”
“You and me on the shores of river of life Standing there with you holding your hand, Just looking at you in the idleness of the moment, As I feel your breaths and beside you I stand, There is endless calm, yet I understand what you meant, So I walk with you through the serpentine gullies, And I greet life with a smile and never floundering will, While being pleased by sites of rainbows and lilies, That dance for you at their own free will, I hold on to your hand more firmly, And I turn to look at you and you smile, And I say, “I love you,” and I say it finally, You pause, and think for a while, As you slide your hand tenderly, To place it on my face, And then you kiss me sweetly, And my heart beats race, I hold your hand once again, And we continue walking through these serpentine gullies, As I rub your little finger again and again, And I feel the scent growing all over you, the scent of these happy lilies, Then we approach the river of life, And at its shores you embrace me, And you finally say, “I want to be your wife,” Then you hold me and we stare at the river, just you and me, And as we enter its water and we flow with it now, You dissolve in me and I dissolve in you, And we now flow as an essence of you and me and our love, But whenever I look back Irma, I see a reflection of you, Still at the shore, Where I hold your hand while the river of life flows by, There are no worries no torments anymore, Because we have together left them in the past to die, And as your reflection spreads over the river of life, You flow unto me, And as I accept you as my wife, In the presence of the river of life, you say, “this is how I always wanted to be!” And then I too become the river and flow within it, To flow with you into the sea of eternity, And then be there forever, only with you and with it, And experience love in its splendour of eternity, Where you live forever, And I exist within you, In this sea of feelings and love, as your only lover, While experiencing that loving embrace of you, For which I could cross any river and scale the depths of any sea, Because loving you is a discovery unto my own self, And when I dive into my life’s sea, You rise from the floor of the sea and you begin to flow through me yourself, Then my darling Irma, I let it be, Because our river of life has found its final destiny, Where I belong to you and you belong only to me, And I wish this to be our only and everlasting reality!”
“He didn't know what light actually was, he didn't understand his shadows  but Van was always there to comfort him, showing how he saw him, and he stayed by his side despite his flaws and uneasiness.”
“Infinity of your thoughts Time does not seem to pass, As moments appear to be frozen in an unknown thought, I try hard to bypass, This eerie feeling and the war always lost yet often fought, And I wonder what is this feeling, This enigmatic state of endless time, With which I have now been for very long dealing, A state where time no longer remembers it is time, Then in this moment, Where infinity is cast in a battle with finity, Time remains suspended in an uncertain moment, Where every virtue exists except for certainty, As the war rages and both lose, Infinity retreats to its zone while finity retains its domain, And time that had been held trapped in this noose, Now attains its lost state and claims its lost domain, That spreads across infinity in the subsets of finity, Then my darling Irma, I love you infinitely, Because now there is certainty, And I want you to know, you are my only joy, my moment in time, my eternity, As time resumes its pace, I think of you in the lanes of my mind, And within it I discover our space, Where time still lies trapped, and it does not mind, This existence in a moment where infinity lies everywhere, The infinity of your feelings, your memories and your beauty, And there I lie thinking of you always somewhere, To feed the appetite of our love and its eternity, So if you ever talk to me my love, Maybe I am thinking in this corner feeding the infinity, Of your beauty and our love, To steal from time, from fate, from the Universe, our destiny, Where you lie within me, And we lie in this space of infinity, You loving me and I loving thee, Discovering the charms of your beauty, That is where my love I shall be, If you ever talk to me and you still need to find me, Walk into my mind, but tread softly for you shall be treading over infinity, Where I have spread my feelings just for thee, only thee, And as you behold me, Do not hesitate to wake me up, There in the corner of my mind where I shall always be, Kiss me and wake me up, Then let me cast you into the infinity of my mind and its thoughts, And reveal your own beauty to you, And as you wake up in the infinity of my thoughts, Allow me to cast the veil of infinity bearing your beauty and you, Then let time stop forever, Because now there shall be no need of new thoughts or new feelings, And we shall now exist forever, and forever, In infinities impenetrable ceilings, Where everything is just you and me, Nothing else, and where nothing exists, You and I lying in an eternally amorous state and what a wonder it shall be, Because now there is no identity, I am you and you are me, And both of us surrounded by eternity, In the universe where we have created our own space beyond every scalable limit, And we have become the masters of our own destiny, With nothing to include and nothing to omit, Because there is only one need, Your love for me and my love for you, And there is nothing to worry about or heed, Just your beauty and you, only you, in an endless existence where it is only you, Everywhere, here and there and even that space that time refers to as somewhere, There we lie wound on every loop of infinity, To spread with it everywhere, And believe in the beauty of our singular destiny!”
“Beni mahvetti. Gülüşüyle aklımı çeldi. Bakışıyla kalbimi mühürledi. Bahtıma yalnızca birkaç cilve düştü. Sonrasında ateşin çevresinde dönen bir pervane böceği oldum. Evet umutsuz ama belki bir umut bulurum diye darma duman.”
“Only a pure heart can understand pure love.”
“Standing at a distance ( Part 1 ) I stand at a distance intermittently looking at her, Envying the Sun rays that bathe her from head to toe, While I from the distance keep looking at her, With longing eyes and my head slightly bent low, In the distance rainbow appears in the sky, And the rain drops kiss her skin, And I only glance at her by and by, With a deep desire to win, Her heart and her gaze of affection, I see the raindrop dripping down through her backbone, And oh my imagination and its dereliction, With the wish to be the lucky Sun that over her had shone, Before the daylight embraced her from everywhere, And it was just the light that covered her, And in this light she was everywhere, Now it was the light and her, and just her, While I stood in the distance waiting for my chance, Turning my head and ogling at her, Hoping she would smile someday, and I shall live my moment of romance, To be the sunshine and the raindrop always kissing her, And melt everywhere over her skin, And never to return to the light nor to this world, I shall now forever reside in this beauty’s eternal inn, Sometimes spreading over her skin, & often like the sun rays around her hair curled, But for now she is busy with the rain drops, the Sun, the Moon, I wonder if she even notices my presence, So I often wish the Sun and the Moon to set soon, So that she could somehow notice my presence, Alas the time too loves to love her, And when the Sun shines over her it seems to shine forever, And time remains there circling around her, And ah my pain to keep hoping in this moment that lasts forever, That she would someday acknowledge my smile, Nevertheless, I am happy as long as I can see her, I shall manage to walk a million mile, Just for that glimpse of her,”
“Standing at a distance ( Part 2 ) continued       Until then let time circle around her beauty, Let sunshine drape her and let the rain drops make her wet, I am sure someday she will realise my piety, What if not yet, not yet, Because I know someday it will be cloudy, When there is no sunshine, no moon and not even drops of rain, That day I shall not act cowardly, With no adversaries in the arena of love, I shall let her feel my pain, Perhaps then she will turn and wink her eyes, As soon as I shall close mine, To trap her in them under the bright skies, And be with her beauty hiding her from the rain drops, the Moon and the Sunshine, Then she shall live in my eyes, there forever to be, Atleast, now for me, there shall be no need to stand there and wait, Because now she seeks her beautiful form inside me, As for the Sun, the Moon and the raindrop, it will be there turn to wait, So I shall lie there with my eyes closed, To feel you with the eyes of my soul and heart, And as to you I shall have all my feelings disclosed, Then I shall let you depart, Now, if you forsake the Sun, the raindrop and the Moon too, And walk into my eyes once again, Then you truly love me too, And end my pain, Today the Sun was there, the Moon shone too, it rained as well, And suddenly she looked at me, & walked into the perceivable circle of my feelings, I could easily tell, And confessed, “this is where I forever wish to be!” Now the sunshine covers me and the moonlight seeks me, The raindrop kisses my skin, But now through me this world you see, Because now I am your destiny and your life’s final inn, And as we surge like waves of feelings, You flow within me and I keep kissing you, They wonder what are these love’s new dealings, Where I have become a part of you, and only you, So I let the Sunshine and Moonlight peer into my eyes, And ah their joy to be with you, And the hasty raindrop that falls from the skies, Once again kisses you, just you, And I close my eyes too, And I let you sleep within me, With nothing left to feel or do, Because now it is forever just you and me, The Sun, the Moon and the raindrop, Trapped in the eternity, Where the Sunshine, the Moonlight and the rain never stop, As we all lie willingly enslaved to you, and your beauty!”
“Loving you is like breathing. It’s impossible for me to stop.”
“You in my eyes! You wake up in my eyes like the morning Sun, You surround my life like the day and its busy schedules, You are there when I am sitting idle or pursuing errands undone, Because thinking of you is the default part of all my schedules, Then when the day tires me, You sleep in my eyes, There in my dreams with me to be, While I wish I never opened my eyes, And in the darkness of the night that spreads everywhere, I hold my eyelids tight, To not let your dreams escape from the crevices in my eyes somewhere, And throughout the night I hold you in this dreamy delight tight, Then as the morning bird taps its beak on the glass window, I let the night cease for me as I let your beauty leave the territory of my eyes, And percolate into the morning light that flashes over the willow, Then begins the magic of recreating you in the light of the day with my open eyes, And then my darling Irma, you spread like the sunshine in every corner of my world, And wherever I go I carry my universe with me, In my eyes, your dreams your views and my entire world, And that is how I like it to be, at least for now this is me, But there are moments when dreams in closed or open eyes, Are awakened by your memories, And how I wish I could vanish into the skies, Because on Earth I miss you and our realities, How you feel I do not know, maybe you feel the same, But then a Summer without flowers is not a true Summer, And in a flowerless Summer nothing feels the same, You too could have evolved the feeling to tell me, “my darling let me be your flowery Summer!” Nevertheless, for now let me close my eyes and dream again of you, The Summer, the flowers and us together, To feel once more how I once felt with you, And maybe this time when I vanish into the skies we shall be together!”
“He said, Your efforts for me are enough. But I want to tell you that I feel effortless with him.”
“Dear love, fight with me to show your love and fight with the world to prove your love.”
“Dear kiss, I cook my love and serve it to her everyday.”
“My heart, I couldn't feel your pulse until seeing her.”
“When I see her, I feel like my life passes through my eyes.”
“What Are These Thoughts Irma? What are these dreams that you beget me, What are these memories with which you still mesmerise me, What are these thoughts Irma where I always wish to be, What are these visions that your endless beauty brings to me, What is this feeling with which you embrace me, What is this spell of love in which I always wish to be, What are these sweet longings that your thoughts beget me, What is that I feel whenever I think of thee, Why is it that I always with you wish to be, Whether I am in a quiet forest or a vast sea, Why is it that I always wish to see thee, Why is it that I want you to invade me? With your senses until your heart beats echo inside me, And then let the heaven know that you belong to me, And this is how till eternity it shall now be, Where I would spend infinity loving thee, And I hope, you too with the same passion will forever love me!”
“Love is experienced truly, in loving.”
“Some smiles realize what fake happiness is Some smiles realize what a beautiful mask looks like on face Some smiles realize what ointment is on wounds Some smiles realize what happiness is Some smiles realize what positivity is Some smiles realize what beauty is Some smiles realize what God's miracle is And your smile comes in the last one A God's miracle”
“Was it the haunting melancholy etched upon her features or the unspoken stories hidden within her eyes? The countless strangers I encountered daily had never seeped into the corridors of my mind with such tension. It was as if the universe, in its infinite wisdom, had conspired to intertwine our paths, nudging me toward the enigma that was she. Was this a fleeting infatuation or a genuine connection waiting to unfurl? The answers eluded me, floating just beyond the grasp of comprehension.”
“That night, as I lay in bed with “Rue des trois frères” by Fabrizio Paterlini playing on my turntable, her presence lingered in my thoughts, casting a gentle spell upon my mind. The memory of our conversation replayed like a melodic refrain, each word resonating within me. It was a feeling I had never experienced before, a mixture of intrigue, excitement, and a newfound sense of connection.”
“I see you truly for everything you are and everything you will be and I claim you as mine.”
“You are the shore of my life! I know that you reside in your dreams and in your desires, You, your beauty and my desires, I feel still need to find a way to intersect somewhere, To give birth to the desire allowing us to meet somewhere, Where your dreams are mine too, And where my desires reflect in your eyes too, Maybe you still need to understand why the waves rush to the shore, And that my sea of life, so deeply wants to you to be my only shore, Where to all my dreams, my desires, my wishes flow, And I shall wish for nothing else anymore, just to be in this ceaseless flow, Where all my waves of life pass through you and unto you, To rest at the shore where my life feels it has eventually found you, In my every wish and my heart’s every desire, Where you are the last and only shore of my life and you my only desire, Then when my sea of life pours into your life’s territory, Love shall find an immortal existence in this endless territory, Where all your wishes and my infinite desires form its boundary, And we shall live within this territory of love, where only our wishes form its territory, So let these lapping waves of the sea of life feel your feet, For as you wade through the waters of life I shall feel thy feet, Walking through the landscape of my endless desires and wishes, Perhaps then Irma, you would let your sea of life empty itself into the territory of my wishes, Then we shall let our heart beats float along with these rushing waves of life, Until our universe is reduced to your wishes, my desires and only our life, Maybe then, maybe then, the waves of life will rise no more, For then our lives would have found and rested at the most placid shore. Where a feeling of serenity spreads like a vast blanket over the sea of life, And loving each other becomes the only desire and the single wish of life, Then my love, the moon shall shine and you will be mine, And we shall surrender our identities because now, all my joys will be yours and all your desires will be mine.”
“I once dreamed of finding answers in the sky’s endless vault, Yet without your guidance, even the stars seem to halt. - when the stars halt.”
“The Timid Gods! When the sun shines high, And it leaves its morning shyness, As it dominates the light spreading across the vastness of the sky, Then let me reflect back to it your loveliness, When the sun beams dazzle over flowers many, And they sway with the afternoon breeze, Let me show them your beautiful avatars many, And ah their unease, When the river flows at its enjoyable pace to meet the sea, Then let me submerge your essences into the infinite reservoir of feelings, Then as the river meets the sea, let it see, That in the sea of beauty every drop, every wave and every ripple is a creation of your beauty’s dealings, When the God of beauty wakes up from the blissful sleep, Let me cast your shadows around the universe, And as its reflections to and fro leap, Then let the God’s realise their acts perverse, Because Gods sometimes resort to fiendish timidity, Where they believe the universe is for them alone, And when I show them your beauty, Then let them realise that they too, to many weaknesses are prone, When the winter approaches and the rose in the winter garden lies abandoned, By the summer kisses and beauty’s secret visitations, Let me make you touch its heart that in winter freeze lies stoned, Then let the God’s feel their privations, And when my love Irma, you allow me to, I shall create a new order in the Universe, Where love given is the love received too, Then, that shall be the universe to which no one shall be averse.”
“To lovers out there … A hurting relationship is a relationship that one is 100 percent fully concentrating on another person, and a good working relationship is a relationship that is 50/50. 50 is concentrating on another person and another 50 is concentrating on yourself.”
“Your beauty is impossible to define. Maybe divine?”
“Only way to grow together as a couple, is to nourish each other's individual growth.”
“Where my heart wanders! Where does my heart often tend to wander, This is what I often wonder, Where does she meet me in my dreams, As she descends all over me riding those Moon beams, Where do her thoughts often lead me from my sleepy world, Why is it that I like her long hair when it is slightly curled, As she gazes at me with those sparkling eyes, Why is it that many stars miss their twinkle in those night skies, When she presents me the Summer rose, Why I feel she keeps humming in my mind love’s most melodious prose, Then wherever she goes, I follow her like the summer rose, Here there and everywhere until I sing back to her, her own love prose, And then as her face with charm and joy glows, I look at her beautiful smile and my heart beat slows, Then as she holds my hand and there I transfixed stand, Why is it that my desire and my feelings nothing demand, For every desire now seems fulfilled and every wish satisfied, In your presence Irma my world is perfectly beautified, No longer to oscillate between desires and wishes, For a feeling of love that springs from the heart never perishes, Time becomes its custodian, And the will of God its guardian!”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“Come to me,” he murmured, sliding his wife into his lap. He’d learned many romantic phrases by now and had created even more of them himself. But “come to me” was one of the most meaningful and the most underrated ones in his opinion. “Come to me, and I‘ll make it all better.” “Come to me, I’ll give you comfort.” “Come to me, life is perfect when you’re near.” “Come to me, I need you…”
“You were the best i ever had Maybe poison isn't that bad”
“You and Me! In the summer garden, Where flowers abound, With joys never felt before or begotten, There my love I always have found, You, In the soft fluttering of butterflies’ wings, In the tender swaying of these beautiful Summer flowers, In the heart beat of those young lovers whose hearts a melody sweet sings, While I seek you in these Summer flowers and in the shadows of carefree lovers, And as the afternoon Sun shines brighter, And the angle of every shadow changes, Then how I miss to hold you tighter, Before like these shadows the feeling escapes into new emotional ranges, Where you are the peak and summit of everything, The Summer, The Summer bliss and my love for you, And then with my feelings I wrap everything, Now in the moment it is just us: the Summer, me and you, Then as dusk descends on the scenes of life, I stack your memories in my heart and in my mind, To embark on my new ambition, the night and our life, Where now, your memories and my feelings I unwind, And cast them over these golden beams, As they spread everywhere, My love Irma, my heart with my mind teams, And then it is you, just you, in everything and everywhere!”
“Happiness is a guest in life Pain is part of life The rainbow comes with rain. The gray shade is part of life It gives breath to a dead body. Sometimes it kills your soul Sweet or bitter, it doesn't matter what taste it has. But love is a part of life Some give you joy Some break you badly in all pleasant moments in the heart or deep wounds in the soul visible in your eyes, like a dark tear's trace or decorate a pretty smile on your face thousands of times scroll in your mind even if unpleasant. but it has grace Your biggest emotion's strife Maybe it hurts you, like a sharp knife. doesn't matter what color and shape it has But memories are part of life. You cry, you laugh, and you breathe looks like a clown or a freak wearing a mask to hide the truth. not only life Sometimes death is also part of life Sometimes death is also part of life.”
“somehow respected the wounds given by you. I always kept them in my heart and never treated”
“In every decision, large or small, I envisioned her by my side, a steadfast companion through the twists and turns of life's journey. I yearned for her love to illuminate each pathway, casting away the shadows of uncertainty. Not bound by the constraints of time, I yearned to find her in every chapter of my life's story.”
“Across the ethereal realms, whether in heaven's embrace or amidst the trials of hell, my heart declared that it was her, and only her, who held the key to my happiness. In any corner of existence, be it heaven or hell, she was the beacon of light that guided my path, the solace that soothed my tormented soul.”
“My love, tears in the eyes is not always painful but tears in the heart is always painful.”
“Dear Lakshmi, this is lord Vishnu   Your love pours the rain in my world.”
“To the skeptics, perhaps the events that are to follow were just a coincidence and nothing more than a series of random accidents that led me to where I am today. But to the lovers and poets and dreamers, perhaps you might agree that the story about to unfold is something more. You might even agree that there are times when coincidences are so powerful that they don’t really seem like coincidences anymore. Times when you come across events that seem too strange, or too strong, to be anything other than Fate—a grand design that incorporates everything from the career paths we take, the friends we meet along the way, and the partners we choose to spend our lives with. Times like these make you question that maybe nothing in this world happens by accident. Maybe everything really does happen for a reason, as some prewritten destiny slowly takes shape and shoves you down a path—or in my case, a mountain side.”
“When I dream, it’s always of you.”
“People don’t have anniversaries for the day they fall in love.” “They should. I remember every day and every moment that was special with you. Love is fragile  a gift. And when you love someone, you should be the caretaker of their heart.” “Loving you has been the greatest gift I’ve ever been given. You know that, right?” Xuan nodded and then pulled me close to him as if to reply. The feel of his lips on my neck was like an electric shock, making the little hairs stand. “Stay still or I’ll ruin your makeup,” he whispered in my ear. “I don’t mind being fashionably late,” I suggested.”
“It’s the anniversary of the first day I realized I was madly in love with you. That night, we went to your friend’s Halloween party. I remember the black dress you wore. You had feathery black angel wings attached to your back and glitter all over your body like you were a fairy from A Midsummer Night’s Dream.” “I dressed as a fallen angel that year.” “You were my angel. The most beautiful thing I’d ever seen.”
“The rose is not the most beautiful flower of this world. But it's you. Why ? because, Rose can just set the mood happy, but your gorgeous beauty, your sexy fragrance and your pretty smile, set happy, all feelings, heart and soul”
“Love is the glass of water that is put in front of you at wild parties: Getting drunk, you reach for it, hoping it would do you good. But then you abuse it as an ashtray at 3 in the morning and the next time you drink from it, it tastes toxic and makes you want to puke.”
“Like an old chewing gum, he had spat her on the ground but happened to stumble into her every now and then, and for some reason she just kept sticking. Maybe a little less each time it happened, but if she was going to be stuck on him much longer, she would only ruin his brand-new shoes.”
“It's always the same with relationships: As if they were a fancy sheepskin jacket, you get yourself one to stay warm on cold winter nights and show it off a bit. At first, it fits you perfectly until suddenly it becomes too loose, too tight, too long, too wide and from then on you just don't look after it anymore. You stop taking care of it, throw up all over it on the next binge, and when you wake up in the morning the whole house smells of wet sheep and stomach acid. That's how, sooner rather than later, it ends up in the old clothes container and even though you promise yourself that next you'll buy the expensive care product that the saleswoman with the fake smile has tried to sell you, you still won't do it, as it sounds like effort and who would put any work into something they end up losing, anyway?”
“If a man has everything money can buy, yet woos you—with the complexity of a rose, the subtlety of poetry and prose in a letter, the fluidity of conversations, the motion of art, thoughtfulness in creativity, the currency of time or his consistent hand in yours—just because he values your smile and the way your eyes light up, keep him. Keep him forever and a day.”
“Find me in the waiting, in all the ways I see you that no eye could ever behold. Find me in the waiting, in all the ways I hear you that no ear could ever hope to be heard. You find me in the waiting, in all the ways I love you in the light and that no other heart could ever love me in the dark.”
“You are beautiful like Russian winter And hot like Indian summer”
“The scars on your heart are your lessons, that love will survive despite heartbreaks. they are reminders that love is not flawless as they have advertised. They are symbols that just like autumn well all need renewing and healing.”
“I fell in love with the way sunlight warms your skin. The way my name rolls off your lips, the spark in your eyes when you look at me. The smile my heart has when I'm around you. I fell in love with the kindness of your soul and the passion with which you cherish and love me. I fell in love with every part of you falling in love with me.”
“Still I want to feast in the ritual of living. To feel the day breathe me in until I become weightless. To cling to my faith like dew cleaves to daylight. I want to be charmed by life's hope-to let the heaviness of this world drift as lost ships in undisturbed seas-I want to saunter purposefully, until I find that soft thing that defines me." "The Silence in us”
“And in July you kiss me, and I become vintage-something more delicate" The Silence in us”
“Remember, words have meaning until they don’t. Love ends.”
“Let Me Hold Your Hand Take my hand and let us walk past this meadow, Where we are surrounded by sunshine, and only our shadow, That spreads over the tips of grass blades, Where your beauty my every sense invades, There let me surrender my prudence before your beauty, And let me love you Irma, with all my piety, To erect your sweet memories as Goddesses in the temple of my existence, To kiss you with devotion and submit myself to your love and its trance, Then let me stare at your beautiful face till eternity, And as I get submerged in this sea of passion and renewed feeling of sanity, Let me hold you in my arms and lift you unto the Heaven, To make Gods jealous, for in you I have already found my heaven, So what shall They offer me now to own my loyalties, For from you my love, I draw my life’s royalties, Then let me bargain with the Gods from the above, And seek eternity for you and for me only your love, So it shall be done my darling and so it shall be now, I belong to you, and before your grace I shall take an obedient bow, To love you forever in the sanctum of my life and place you as the highest God, While I love you Irma, let me thank the Gods too, for without you and me they might feel a bit odd, So as we walk past the meadow of life holding our hands, I shall always love you in the midst of this myriad collection of flower bands!”
“If you can glimpse the entire universe in her eyes, then you're in love.”
“Love separates distance.”
“Love is a dream that doesn't let you sleep.”
“The way you held me. It’s what held me together.”
“Sometimes you lose everything for your love, and then you lose that love too.”
“Climbing The Mountain of Life Together! Let us climb the mountain of life together, Just you and me forever, To climb higher and higher, To feel the love’s embrace forever and ever, Then when we have arrived at the summit, Let us rest for a while and reassure our grit, As we renew our faith in each other and to each other we recommit, Our lives, our love and our feelings of passion and wit, Let us rise again, Whether we are surrounded by joys or feeling a little sprain, Let us not refrain, From kissing each others soul under the love’s rain, At the summit of the life’s mountain, Where lies the hollowness of hell and the eternity’s fountain, Let us choose to bathe in this fountain, And claim our rightful place on the life’s mountain, Where we ascend all the peaks, all lowlands and high ground, Until we arrive at the place where time nowhere can be found, Because then our love, you and me, is all that can be found, So let me, my darling Irma, to your love and your thoughts be bound, And rise as a happy morning sunshine, That always spreads over you to make you forever mine, Let me feel this feeling divine and fine, And make you forever mine, Then let us climb no further, For now we shall exist as the love light and live forever together, And touch new peaks and spread the light farther, And I shall love you in the infinity of today where we are always together, You and I, and I always with you, and you forever with me, Then let us wish together and so it shall be, Together forever,just you and me, At least that is all I shall seek from eternity if it so were to be!”
“To lovers out there …. Until you date someone who loves you. You will always give and get nothing In return. Giving your time, efforts, sacrifice, money, love, care , respect, peace, kindness, help, understanding, support and giving yourself.”
“Love either makes you a peaceful person or makes you go mad.”
“Endless Love Like the river never stops, I too shall never stop loving you, Like those shining stars, I too shall always shine for you, Like the wind that paces through the forest where I spent few moments with you, I too shall in that forest of memories always seek you, just you, Maybe it is my compulsive proneness that I only seek you, In my wakeful state and in my subconscious slumbers I only think of you, Maybe it is my memories that refuse to exist without you, And before this stubbornness of my mind and heart , I surrender and I allow myself to love you, just you, In the Summer garden where many roses bloom, I find none like you, Like the desperate butterflies seeking their flowers of choice, in the garden of life, I only seek you, just you, The roses have wilted, butterfly wings lie strewn on the grass blades, and they all remind me of you, But unlike the changing seasons, my heart always stays in the perennial state of loving you, Everything in this universe seems to be seeking something or someone, just like I endlessly seek you, In the summer joys, in the forest wind, in the gushing river, wherever I see, I just see a reflection of you, As the palpable world grows around me in these transient forms, I seek my world within you, In your beautiful eyes, in your smiles, in your scent and in every essence that reflects you, I transpose these beautiful reflections on this world, until everything looks like you, exactly like you, Maybe Irma, love is what I feel when I see you, when I touch you, when I just say nothing and simply sit beside you, And the palpable world transforms into your smile, and I resume loving you, In the forest of my endless memories of you, Where I often tread in the brightness of the day and the silence of the night, to be with you, just you, The river still flows, the stars still twinkle, the forest still grows, and with them your love in my heart grows too, I have entered a precarious state where there is only one certainty, that to keep on loving you, And wonder if you feel so too, I have every reason to believe you do too Irma, because the trails of life we tread together, still remind me of you, and there at discrete corners I hear the echoes of your longings too, And then my heart whispers, while my mind quietly lets it be its own master, “I love you!” And the river of my feelings gains a renewed momentum to rush endlessly and forever unto you, And as lovers, we fill our senses where you become me and I become you, And what a joy it is to love you, And say again and again, “my darling Irma. I love you!”
“Every relationship that’s thriving from an erotic point of view is built on and fueled by a sense of transgression to some degree, I don’t care how holy or godly a couple claims to be.”
“That sense of transgression that comes with your sinful nature is good for your marriage. You don’t need deliverance from it because it‘s key to stimulating sensual imagination and keeping the chase alive. It is erotic. Not everything needs deliverance. I’m talking to my Christian ladies.”
“Mau santai bukan dibantai,.”
“Let Me Irma! Like the sun beams dancing over summer flowers, Let me wake up in your mind at all hours, Like a thought that never subsides, But as an adorable feeling it within you always resides, Let me flash as a feeling of joy over your senses, My darling Irma, I want to take my chances, For who knows what might happen tomorrow, So I wish to live every moment of joy before I experience a moment of sorrow, Let me embrace you like the daylight, Which is around you always, though you do not feel its grasp tight, Like this let me hold you forever and everywhere, To be seemingly nowhere yet always there, forever there, Like the daylight draping you in its brightness, And when I see you clad in this dress of daylight, ah my fondness, For you, your smile, your deep eyes draws me unto you, Then neither the daylight, nor the day exist, it is just you and only you, And as I climb the heights of passions and desires, Let me rest within you like those solemn prayers, That arise from the heart and dwell forever in the firmament of love, Then let me believe nothing exists below and nothing exists up above, It is just the daylight and you, Where you wear my passions all around you, And I forever love you, And I once again believe you were made for me and I was made for you, Then when the night approaches, Let me disregard all astral reproaches, And lie with you Irma under the starry night, And bask in your love light, that shines brighter than the daylight.”
“I’ve always known the contours of your existence, the form you take between the stars. You are the inception and destruction of my sky. I will always be able to recognize you, even in the abysmal darkness.”
“Let’s pretend that you trust me and that I forgive you. Let’s stay in this room and confess all of our sins and only leave when we’re ready to be ourselves out in the world. Let’s make love until our bodies ache so we don’t feel our hearts breaking. Let’s pretend.”
“I looked for you in the palms of my right hand, and all I found were the broken lines that were fading away whilst chasing your ghost that I named loved. Your love for me.”
“I Love You Everywhere! I neither love you here nor there, Because I love you wherever I am, always somewhere, So when I am somewhere, there you are everywhere, Maybe I have repurposed my sense of existence, Because only in your presence, Do I feel my own sense of being alive and its true essence, The distance between us exists in many a mile, But it begets emotional pain where my every thought is cast into exile, Of your memories, sweet kisses and that smile, Many years have passed since we last met, And I pledged to be entangled in the loyalty’s net, From it no pleasure, but some inexplicable satisfaction I do get, But there are times when something within me is lamenting in deep pain, Longing to see you, feel you, and once again feel sane, Quite often and again and again, Who have I become: a lover in despair, Longing for the moments bit kind and fair, Before these longings transform into a never ending despair, Let us meet somewhere under the vast sky, Under the moonlight or the sunshine bearing the wings of a butterfly, Let us meet, be mine, and let us not ponder on how and why, Then let silence prevail and nothing, Only the throbbing of two hearts to be the recognisable clamour of happiness and our moments loving, In this universe of infinite possibilities let us be this beautiful thing!”
“When care comes with conditions, it's not care.”
“Loving is easy. Staying in love is challenging. Unloving is really difficult.”
“In a fortress built of scars and past pain, love's gentle persistence can be the relentless siege that crumbles the walls, giving way to an empire of hearts.”
“Like architects of the soul, Abdulla and Maysa wove compassion, trust, and forgiveness into the very fabric of their beings, constructing an Empire of Hearts impervious to the ravages of time and doubt.”
“Within the chambers of a once-barricaded heart, love’s tender whispers found echoes; together, Abdulla and Maysa painted their pain into tapestries of triumph, fortifying an Empire of Hearts.”
“I love you because you make me a better person while also making me feel like I don't have to be better. Like I'm okay being me, and that's a liberating way to feel.”
“I never told him about you.” That surprised me. It was hard to believe he’d never said a about a relationship that had lasted as long as ours. But there was more. “I’ve never told anyone about us,” he continued. “Why not?” Lan Yu turned to look me in the eye. “It’s ours, Handong.”
“Porque o amor não é lutar por um qualquer troféu que esteja algures no futuro. O amor é o troféu.”
“She chiseled him into a provider, erasing the lover he once was, leaving shards of their lost passion behind.”
“Don't loose hope , untill you achieve your goal.”
“You And The Rose of Immortality! With mortal thoughts one can never seek immortality, Just like a beautiful rose of Summer cannot create an eternally beautiful garden of memory, So my darling let us seek eternity, where immortality lies in its absolute piety, Towards the seekers of the illusive Summer rose that beautifies every memory, Then you and I shall be beautiful butterflies bearing the wings of immortality, And fly over the clouds of comely sensations to create our own ocean of limitlessly beautiful memory, My love Irma just imagine the potentiality of this awaiting reality, Where every moment spent in time is the recreation of our sweetest memory, It is here that I wish to offer you the rose of immortality, That I have stolen from the time's memory!”
“If in death's embrace, I depart this plane, As rain I'll return, from clouds I'll sustain. When you, drenched and chin aloft, seek solace high, My drops shall kiss your lips, ne'er questioning why.”
“Circles Circles, small, large and many circles, That is what our lives are like, Always moving and pacing in circles, Circles of love, circles of desire, circles of passion , too many circles, but none alike. Situations, circumstances presenting themselves in circles, With infinite loops, where we always end up where we began, With the only difference that we change circles, but never can we leave these circles, Even if we tried hard and we desperately ran. We always end up in a circle within many circles, But be assured these loops have been created on purpose by someone, Who enjoys watching us going in circles because for him/her life is a circus of circles, There is no regard for emotions, sentiments and human sensitivities, because this entity seems to care for no one. And casts us mercilessly and relentlessly in these vicious circles, Where the race begins never to end, because in a circle the end is unmarked, And ah the agony of living in ceaseless pain and its ever extending circles, Who shall we accuse, our fate or our destiny that we always get marked. To be a part of circles, in relentless motion and desperation, only to create new circles, And be cast in them remorselessly by this unknown entity, It has nothing to offer us, no joys, no celebrations, just the ceaseless circles, Where we always lie in the centre like a loathed deity! And if ever our circle intersects with a cluster of happy circles, We are cast away and shunned like a managed dog, Till there are no more happy circles left in our constellation of endless circles, And we get recast by fate once again , in the infinite circle of life where we belong. We, our circle, our lives, our pain, a little blend of joy, and our live’s moments going in circles, Often question us in our wakeful state, “What are we and who are we without these circles?” And the answer, “ a motion within a circle seeking its eternal kinetic state !” To love in a circle, to feel joy in a circle, to confront life within circles, And tread in a state of constantly moving inertia, Where the quantum of everything is defined by these ceaselessly evolving circles, With the purpose to attain panacea! And I have loved you even in these circles, Where the feelings of my mind and heart are these constantly geminating circles, Your circles, my circles, our circles, life’s circles, circles within circles, To be a part of that final circle, we call “life’s circles!” So, I have plucked this rose with infinite red petals, For when we enter the circle of life together, I shall shower these scented petals, In all our circles to create that quintessential and romantic weather. where we shall enjoy our life in these circles, without feeling their drag, For being with you in the life’s endless sequence of circles, Will be a moment of joy, where I would wish that time developed a perpetual lag, So that you and I , could feel the symphony of our rhythmically moving circles!”
“Someone died resisting love, Someone closed their eye dying with each breath living and breathing that love. Like a Poet who writes poetry even when he is half asleep, half present, half absent yet sure of only one truth. The love they have for their beloved .”
“Someone died resisting love, Someone closed their eyes dying with each breath living and breathing that love. Like a Poet who writes poetry even when he is half asleep, half present, half absent yet sure of only one truth; The love they have for their beloved .”
“In the world of billions of people to love and be loved by, How unfortunate one has to be, to have loved and to be loved and still, not be lucky enough to spend the rest of their life claiming that one heart and soul.”
“I looked for love in you, and all I could see was you cherishing your nonexistent love for others in guilt and shame. You did not make me feel unloved, you just ripped apart my heart and shattered my soul into billions of those little insignificant particles that can not be seen, not even in the dying flames of a paper.”
“How do you reclaim your own heart after losing it to someone who promised to follow you to the bed of the deep blue ocean?”
“Every tear that I shed in pain of the grief gift of your love, I do not cry tears as if I am helpless. I am letting go of your love with each drop of my tears. It's love draining out. Maybe the pain will stay but these tears will clear the air and help my clouded heart navigate back to its origin. Origin; away from the variables of your liking.”
“When you love someone the way they are. You make them feel beautiful about who they are.”
“To lovers out there … Why would you want to keep or to control someone, especially your partner. People who are in a relationship should stay because they want to and should have a free will to say and do anything they want. It is dangerous and it ends badly forcing someone to do something they don’t want.”
“You , I and Winter Weary Flowers! Those winter weary flowers; do you remember? Kissed by their unseen admirer, their redeemer, Who warms them with her kiss of hope and love, Having waited for eternity and risen like a phoenix from above. Helping them escape beyond time and its every zone, Into that unknown realm in that so distant zone, Where you and I can go too, But only if our hearts beat as one, though two! Throbbing in one rhythm every today and tomorrow, In pain, in joy and in every sorrow, Because they have that memory patch to rejoice in, A feeling of love that I long to be immersed in. With you. Tell me would you? For I long to tread with you, Holding your sun kissed hand, Alongside that dancing and jocund flower band. That shall be our rabbit in Alice’s wonderland, Where I shall never leave your hand, When I witness beauty never seen before, I promise I shall only love you more than ever before,”
“Live in the present, seize each passing day, Glean wisdom from the past, but don't let it sway, For to embark on new beginnings, we must let go, Release the old chapters, embrace what's yet to grow.”
“Vi gör ingenting bättre än det vi gör när vi tillåts vara fria, upprepade han. Och jag känner mig helt fri att vara tillsammans med dig.”
“Togetherness is not a destination, togetherness is the journey.”
“Those who don't have lady like you in their life They try to rise roses in garden to scent their life”
“Time, Light, Space, You and I! In the spaces unknown and very high, There where they say we all go when we die, I fled my Earthly shadows to hide in that space high, Where I did not obstruct light but I let it pass by. Through me into its vast arena of cosmic lights, Where there are no shadows because there are no egos and no fights, Where all that shines is not merely due to bright lights, Because in stars too I have seen some Divine delights. That shine through them in those starry nights, When the moon is silent, the sun is humble and the stars don't rumble, I have witnessed sights during those nights, Which even render the brightest sun humble. It is a journey beyond the realm of time, Where time controls nothing because it loses its infinity, Because there light dictates the values of time, Where light does not bend because it alters its proclivity. There, I have seen time bending in that discreet space, Where all laws of Earthly logic fail to compile anything, There time obeys just the factors of light and space, Where to a naked eye only hollowness spreads giving rise to nothing. In actuality it is there time changes its character, Because light assumes a new form, And when new logics takeover and change the cosmic character, Only then I am able to see a universe governed by laws so uniform. I wish to take you on these secret journeys with me, Irma and I, and I shall show you how reality bends in that dimension, But only if you are willing to allow me, To let me love you even in that highest and exalted mansion, Where light behaves differently because time too bends, I will take you there to steal a moment from time that never ends, But it shall be upto you to choose what you wish to see when time bends, Because time and light do not embark on leisurely errands. So hold my hand when we reach that height, And do not panic when you witness newer cosmic lights, Manufacturing time to be able to reach those infinite heights, To please Someone and to be the cause of those infinite cosmic delights. Stand beside me only if you are sure, Because to embark on a beautiful journey seeking eternity, Is not meant for those who are unsure, But for those who believe in the Divine sanity. Where light obstructs time but time never obstructs the light, Where I can not hide behind you nor you can hide behind me, Because there everything that is bright is not light, So stay with me my love and what a wonderful journey of love and wonder it shall be!”
“Endless Love! A beautiful, young, mountain girl who loved the sea, There she always longed to be, She dreamt of someday marrying a mariner, Then there would be just the sea and her sea smelling mariner, Years passed by and she grew prettier, And with every passing year her fondness for the sea grew deeper and deeper, On one sunny summer day, she found her mariner, She loved his smile, his curly hair, she loved him because he was just a mariner, They hugged, they kissed and they smiled, Life seemed perfect, as if exclusively for the two of them styled, They got married in the midst of summer flowers, she and the sea smelling mariner, Then both moved to live their lives together at the sea, the mountain girl and the mariner, In the evening the mariner’s return from work brought with him the sweet smelling sea, It was exactly the way the mountain girl always wanted it to be, The sea, the open skies, the ever moving waves and the lap of the mariner, Where she rested her head and smelled sea on the skin of the weary mariner, Who was never tired of the sea but only sometimes tired at the sea, For everyday it stared at him in million different ways and how he loved to see, The sunset, the sprightly fish and the winding shadows of the toiling mariner, Alas the mountain girl only fancied the sea and its traces in the mariner, And gradually she grew tired of the sea and its every memory, Of the mariner too, because he smelled of the sea and that left the mountain girl less merrier, The mountain girl only fancied what she ought to have loved- the sea and the mariner, For fascinations fade away, but the sea always stayed with the mariner, Now the girl loved to hate the sea, and how she despised it! And with it, the mariner too died at the sea, bit by bit. Everyday bit by bit, For the mariner loved the mountain girl just like the sea - the poor mariner, When he saw her love for the sea and him fading away it silently killed the mariner, The vast sea is still there and so is the majestic mountain, The girl has aged now and brimming with mariner’s love just like a perennial fountain, So every night when the tide is high, the sea silently welcomes the still young but long dead mariner, And his shadow gently descends upon the naked body of the time weary woman - the warm skin kissed by the cold shadow of the mariner, Now she smells just the mariner who infact was the sea and he always wanted to be her vast and beautiful sea, For this is who the mariner was and always wanted to be- the open and the endless sea, Sea of endless love and hope for the mountain girl, Where he would dive deep and retrieve only for her the rarest pearl, For he loved her true and endlessly under the vast sky, Alas the mountain girl took a while to realise that both the sea and the mountain shall always lie under the blue and sometimes dark sky, The dead mariner still loves to spread his shadow over her skin by and by, And silently whisper to her, “I love you more than the sea, the mountains and the never ending sky!”
“Universe of My Love I have loved you; why, when, how. I do not know, I have loved you for your beautiful smile and for your mysterious glow, With which you fill my life offering me a sense of completeness, That invades me with your love’s stillness, Your love, my emotions, my sentiments and my entire existence, It feels like the most beautiful moment of reality with no hint of pretence, Inside me I feel you flowing in my senses, And there hidden from the world, just you and I and our romances, Kisses of love, thoughts of togetherness and basking in your beauty, Everything within me and outside me regards you as its patron deity, In the night’s anonymity your thoughts are my only gladdening acquaintance, And I willingly accept my, self-decreed sentence, To become your prisoner, your admirer enslaved forever, With the hope that someday in my humble submissions you will discover your lover, Who loves you, only you. Why? I do not wish to know, As long as in your eyes I see a reflection of my own life's flow, So sleep my love Irma, but please never close your eyes, For whenever you do so something within me dies, You are my end and you are my beginning too, I am the river and you are the always waiting sea that I restlessly flow to, In you I have seen my heaven and daylight, In this universe of mine you are my only starlight, You are my visions and my always longed for that beauty's ultimate sight, Let me hold your hair Irma, let me look into your eyes and be together every day and night, Fill the emptiness of my life with your sparkling eyes, Le me place my tired head under your hair and drift far and wide into these dark skies, Of this familiar universe that your presence creates for me, Let us be in this state forever my love; the ever expanding universe, and you with me!”
“May the love we have and give to ourselves and others always be greater than the hurt or offense we may experience.”
“They ask me! They mock me saying “you are in love, But where is the girl?” I answer “yes I am in love, Not with the oyster but the hidden pearl, She is a beautiful rose, You can see its brilliant colours but can you see its scent? So my curious friends I propose, Let me be with her beauty, and let me fill my senses with her scent,” They look at me stupefied, And rush away, Those lovers of beauty that is mystified, By their every fancy and every new sway. Unlike mine that is still and composed, Resting in the oyster of hope and relaxing in love’s beauty, A feeling that can never be disposed, For to love you and love you true is my true feeling of sanity, Many years have passed by, But you have only grown in grace and elegance, I miss kissing you, touching you by and by, But for the pearl to shine it needs a long and quite existence, Inside the shell where life is singular, Where the feeling of love encased in the slowly maturing time is endless, But the feeling of knowing that I am your true lover, Makes it easier to feel loved in a shell that is actually loveless, Like the lonely pearl inside the oyster that misses the sea, I wish to be with you till the time ceases to exist, Your beautiful face, your infinite eyes, your endless beauty, I so long to see, And the pearl shall be with its sea no matter how hard the oyster might resist!”
“They Ask Me! They mock me saying “you are in love, But where is the girl?” I answer “yes I am in love, Not with the oyster but the hidden pearl, She is a beautiful rose, You can see its brilliant colours but can you see its scent? So my curious friends I propose, Let me be with her beauty, and let me fill my senses with her scent,” They look at me stupefied, And rush away, Those lovers of beauty that is mystified, By their every fancy and every new sway. Unlike mine that is still and composed, Resting in the oyster of hope and relaxing in love’s beauty, A feeling that can never be disposed, For to love you and love you true is my true feeling of sanity, Many years have passed by, But you have only grown in grace and elegance, I miss kissing you, touching you by and by, But for the pearl to shine it needs a long and quite existence, Inside the shell where life is singular, Where the feeling of love encased in the slowly maturing time is endless, But the feeling of knowing that I am your true lover, Makes it easier to feel loved in a shell that is actually loveless, Like the lonely pearl inside the oyster that misses the sea, I wish to be with you till the time ceases to exist, Your beautiful face, your infinite eyes, your endless beauty, I so long to see, And the pearl shall be with its sea no matter how hard the oyster might resist!”
“They Ask Me! They mock me saying “you are in love, But where is the girl?” I answer “yes I am in love, Not with the oyster but the hidden pearl, She is a beautiful rose, You can see its brilliant colours but can you see its scent? So my curious friends I propose, Let me be with her beauty, and let me fill my senses with her scent,” They look at me stupefied, And rush away, Those lovers of beauty that is mystified, By their every fancy and every new sway. Unlike mine that is still and composed, Resting in the oyster of hope and relaxing in love’s beauty, A feeling that can never be disposed, For to love you and love you true is my true feeling of sanity, Many years have passed by, But you have only grown in grace and elegance, I miss kissing you, touching you by and by, But for the pearl to shine it needs a long and quite existence, Inside the shell where life is singular, Where the feeling of love encased in the slowly maturing time is endless, But the feeling of knowing that I am your true lover, Makes it easier to feel loved in a shell that is actually loveless, Like the lonely pearl inside the oyster that misses the sea, I wish to be with you before the time ceases to exist, Your beautiful face, your infinite eyes, your endless beauty, I so long to see, And let the world know Irma, the pearl shall be with its sea no matter how hard the oyster might resist!”
“They Ask Me! They mock at me saying “you are in love, But where is the girl?” I answer “yes I am in love, Not with the oyster but the hidden pearl, She is a beautiful rose, You can see its brilliant colours but can you see its scent? So my curious friends I propose, Let me be with her beauty, and let me fill my senses with her scent,” They look at me stupefied, And rush away, Those lovers of beauty that is mystified, By their every fancy and every new sway. Unlike mine that is still and composed, Resting in the oyster of hope and relaxing in love’s beauty, A feeling that can never be disposed, For to love you and love you true is my true feeling of sanity, Many years have passed by, But you have only grown in grace and elegance, I miss kissing you, touching you by and by, But for the pearl to shine it needs a long and quite existence, Inside the shell where life is singular, Where the feeling of love encased in the slowly maturing time is endless, But the feeling of knowing that I am your true lover, Makes it easier to feel loved in a shell that is actually loveless, Like the lonely pearl inside the oyster that misses the sea, I wish to be with you before the time ceases to exist, Your beautiful face, your infinite eyes, your endless beauty, I so long to see, And let the world know Irma, the pearl shall be with its sea no matter how hard the oyster might resist!”
“I Need Urgent Love Spells To Get My Ex Lover Back +1(419)359 4367”
“Love does not look like a person, love is our actions, love is giving all we can, even if it's just the bigger slice of cake, love is understanding.”
“През лятото: Мечтая да се смея, да танцувам с човеци, да посрещам изгревите, да пия вино в компанията на залезите, да прекарвам време насаме със себе си. През лятото искам да обичам и да ме обичат. А любовта да продължи и през сезоните нататък ”
“Нямах достатъчно добро оправдание, с което да се извиня за постъпките си или всъщност имах! Любовта. Да, някои хора биха казали, че именно тя е причината да бъдем толкова невежи в примитивните си и първосигнални действия, чийто обрат понякога е необратим. И въпреки това не спирахме себе си от правенето на глупости  Нали? Що за гадост беше това?”
“Израстването ни бе знак, че се променяме и ставаме по-мъдри от предната година; че времето ни е научило на разни неща за живота, но докато настъпеше този преход, се надявах недрата да не се отворят, за да ме погълнат в себе си. „Влюбих се в Playboy” – Ana Sokovsky”
“In Your Thoughts Irma! I was lost in your thoughts Irma, your hopes and in your imagination, When the breeze whispered “follow me and feel the new celebration!” And I replied, “no matter where I may tarry I am never away from her sensation, That has dissolved in my every emotion!” I seek you in every corner of light, In the morning hope, in the flowers., in the stars and in the moonlight, Then I look into the mirror and investigate my own sight, To find you in my own eyes and what a delight! I often remember our moments of togetherness from the past, The kiss that is still fresh and warm, but was the last, Always together even in the shadows that we cast, Everything feels like yesterday, but in every today, yesterday is always the past! My heart loves being a prisoner of your thoughts and your imaginings, And my mind seems to have got used to my heart’s longings, Leaving me marooned in love’s beautiful trappings, Where your smiling face is a part of all my mental surroundings! You are like the moon of my night, Where you shine on the shore of my life with love’s light, And I let you be my fate, my destiny and my joy’s every scalable height, So it is you and only you I dream of every night. Sometimes you are a palpable dream passing through my closed eyes, Often you are a beautiful embrace the warmth of which never dies, Until I wake up and seek you with my open eyes, It shall be the same every day and night until we meet again under these open skies! For now let me seek you within me and outside my own existence, I miss you deeply because I love you without any pretence, And I wish sometimes if I could bear wings like Gabriel to overcome every distance, But I am sure, I will either find you or bear wings to be kissed by your magnificence. Someday we both shall be reduced to nothing, just an impalpable feeling, But even then my soul shall find your thoughts healing, And when all shall before the God be kneeling, I shall be the only one still seeking myself in your omnipresent feeling!”
“I used to think getting to know you would make me fall more in love with you. I had no idea you would turn out to be completely different from what you portrayed. You know what I liked you better when I didn't know you.”
“Dicen que nunca falta un roto para un descosido. Es evidente que yo no era el roto ideal para su descosido”
“We often want the people we love to value us. It becomes a struggle to make someone understand the efforts we make for them. Every time we get hurt, we forgive them and hope that someday, they will value us. But the fact is, if people who love you don't value you, then they don't love you.”
“Fluctuations is necessary to get spark.”
“She Lies Within Me! Her thoughts rapture like seed pods bursting at the command of some unknown will, And the seeds of her memories every corner of my life fill, With hopes, memories, desires that all germinate as a single feeling, Minds creation, her beautiful memories, are for heart a complicated dealing, And as feelings arise from the seeds of her memories, The landscape of my life is cast into never ending sanctuaries, Of her beautiful and ceaseless memories, Where my mind wanders aimlessly and my heart remains marooned within its boundaries, The walls are virtual but the mental fascination is ubiquitous and anchored in reality , Where I submit myself before her beauty in my absolute piety, And as I serenade for her in the sanctuary of her memories, A million seeds of her memories and desires sprout around me in an unending array of miniature carries, Where I witness her blooming like flowers of hope, And like a hungry butterfly I alight on them , and persuade them to elope, With me and beyond this sanctuary with no real walls, Into the reality where anything virtual crumbles and falls, So, let me dance with you under the real Sun, And create new memories for our beautiful life and not just for fun, Then let the sanctuary be renewed by our love and romance, And then let us forever in reality dance, Under the real sun, under the real moonlight and the real stars in the night sky, Then when the time is right let us again fly, To the sanctuary of hopes, dreams and desires, And once again sprout from the bursting seed pods with renewed fires, Of love and feelings endless, And as an admirer of your beauty let me then feel limitless, Growing over your memories, your desires and every feeling that draws me closer to you, And in the vast silence of this sanctuary, let my heart beats echo with a singular vocal accord, “My darling Irma I love you!” Then let real walls rise around the sanctuary where we now exist as a palpable reality, And wherever I maybe, I am with you and surrounded by your endless beauty, And as pods of seeds bearing our memories burst and scatter everywhere, Then let me love you there, somewhere, but now like the old walls of the sanctuary we shall be nowhere!”
“Уроци Научих се да не очаквам нищо и да знам, че всеки се отнася с другите както го прави със себе си. Спрях да страдам от неадекватното поведение на заобикалящия ме свят. Проумях, че то не е предвидено за мен, а е вътрешен изблик. Вече не оглеждам ситуациите с погледа от моята камбанария, защото тя понякога е твърде далеч от тяхната. Гледката е различна. Вътрешният свят е различен. – Дарина Димитрова”
“Love was a lethal weapon that rivaled the sharpest sword. It cut directly to the heart.”
“Бягам. Защото не мога да остана. Дадох много от себе си, а в мен зейна не една рана. Бягам. Защото трудът ми бе смазан от наглата висока дама. Бягам и от теб, и от цялата тази драма. Бягам. Не искам да се връщам назад. Там оставих разочарованията и всички обиди до тях. Бягам. Знам, че няма да ме молиш да се върна. Аз за сбогом няма дори да те прегърна. Бягам. – Etta's Poetry”
“Not all black holes are millions of light years away; one exists in everyone's heart”
“While you don't find words, then should express..”
“I am a person with a big heart. I love and care for everyone around me, even though people may play with my emotions and cause my heart to break, feel pain, and cry. Despite all this, I remain a person with a big heart.”
“There is still a corner in my heart untouched by your LOVE.”
“To lovers out there … One day we must break away from the myths that if you single and not dating. It means you are well mannered , raised well and you are a good person. If you’re dating then you are ratchet, wild, fast forward and you like things. Most people who are not dating is not by choice but is by circumstance . Some are not dating because they can’t find right partners. Some are in the closet. Some they fear to be heart broken, pregnancy ,commitment, to be burden. Some are busy don’t have time. Some don’t have money. Dating doesn’t make people hoes. Not dating it doesn’t make people saints either.  We should stop bad mouthing, slandering, name calling, slut shamming people who are trying their best to find right partners or to find love. Especial when we can’t do what they are doing because of our fears, even thou we also want what they want. To be loved .”
“But I love you…so much, and that’s going to make this so special. It’s different. It’s the highest form of love, to combine your DNA with another person’s, to create something that will live after you’re gone. There’s no one else in the world I would want to do that with besides you.”
“Love is as rare as a star." "I thought the stars were anything but rare, uncle." "That's because you never went out to find one for yourself, Katey. They would prove a few miles apart." "But it would be big enough when I did find it." "Right, my dear. That is the way with love.”
“She took my morning with her. My day begins in the afternoon, and it’s always hazy.”
“The triviality of the world becomes more important after realising ones own existence.”
“Art makes something out of everything - yet it does not make everybody an artist.”
“Hasta hace poco pensaba que las mariposas en el estómago eran solo un mito. ¿Y qué pasó para que hayas cambiado de opinión? Que te conocí. Las verdades del amor- Laura M. Navarro”
“Don't let the dark side of human nature makes it difficult for you to TRUST, LOVE AND CARE. Because when you lose all these feelings, you become dead even to yourself.”
“My Spring and Your Eyes After a long winter spell the Spring is here, But without seeing it reflect through your eyes, for me it appears to be nowhere, Everything, the buds of May, even the bright day seem to be glad, But without you around my love, every surrounding and every corner looks so sad, Million flowers await to bloom from every hopeful bud of Spring, But to me, without you, nothing, no matter how beautiful does any joy bring, The freshness of light green hue, covers everything, even the morning dew, But I only think of you, even though the nature looks so beautiful and new, The Spring has rescued everything from the veil of seemingly permanent gloom, But I, my thoughts, and my joys wait for you, to be able to bloom, In the distance I can hear the river flowing happily to meet the sea, But I wait for my beautiful Spring that only through your eyes I can feel and see, And I know the Spring is here and it surely has arrived, But for me, the Spring bliss is incomplete unless from your senses it is derived, To me the real Spring shall feel like you and be as beautiful as you, But with you not here, maybe it is Spring time somewhere, but not here , not here, because this year it does not feel like you, So I shall let them rejoice and say “the Spring is here!” But for me as long as you are not here, it is Spring there but not here, not here!”
“If anything had – If I lost you. I don’t know what I would’ve done. That’s the truth.”
“While i was catching i thought it was a ROSE”
“A Flower A flower in the remote corner of the garden, Rarely visited by the breeze, Scarcely reached by the suns rays, But often with tip toeing steps visited by a beautiful maiden, It lay there motionless but radiating in bliss, With no butterflies to woo it, And no bees to sing their humming symphonies, It only waited for the maiden and her daily , promised kiss, In the night , under the bright moonlight, It waited for her to pierce through the darkness, And overcome all her fears, So that she cold witness in this flower the universe and its light, When there were no butterflies and bees around, When the garden fell asleep and everything turned dark, Even the most comely and colourful flower, But in this remote corner light and grace did abound, And when the maiden arrived and sat beside the flower, It turned into a lover, And the two romanced and danced, The maiden and the beauty of the flower, That somehow assumed a perceptible form, And as it wrapped itself around the maiden, The two whirled around the garden, In this beautiful and supernatural form, And when the moonlight shone on the remote corner, The beauty of the flower returned to reside in its petals again, And the maiden bowed and kissed it again and again, Until the morning when it transformed into the same desolate & remote corner, With no bright light but with a beautiful flower, Hidden from the bees and butterflies, From the breeze and the sunshine too, Yet it managed to rejoice in the company of its lover, When nobody is awake, When silence is everywhere, When the wind does not move, Exactly then, the two always meet for the love’s sake!”
“You Are My Spring Joy Where does life seek eternity? Not in daily struggles or toil, but in that endearing destiny, Where thoughts, pursuits, likings all merge to create a happy existence, Where happiness leaps from every act and every substance. Just like spring flowers that spread joy, To all alike: a woman, a man, a little girl and a young boy, They live for moments very brief, Yet they always manage to delight the heart immersed in grief. They last for a day or moments few, With a promise that next year they shall bloom anew, Leaving behind sweet memories and hopes profound, And even in a moment of existence they live in eternity that time’s snares can not confound. Similarly my love Irma, your smiles, your beauty nourish my existence, You, your love, your endless beauty are what I need for sustenance, My eternity lies in you, and only you, Eternity will be virtueless if it is not spent thinking about you and loving you. I seek thee with all my senses and my mind and heart, From me the reflections of your beauty never depart, And I lie wrapped in them day and night, Without the glimpse of your beautiful smile I cannot establish the brightness in any form of light. Perhaps someday the sun may not rise, And the Moon may not shine , to me it shall be no surprise, But for me living without loving you is not possible, As for the Moon to shine without the Sun is impossible. So let us be like the Sun and the moonshine, Where both exist to create the life giving sunshine and the romantic moonshine, Let you be the the daffodils, winter jasmine, iris, primrose ,and be merry and sing, And I will always be the unfailing Spring, just your Spring!”
“You Are My Spring Joy Where does life seek eternity? Not in daily struggles or toil, but in that endearing destiny, Where thoughts, pursuits, likings all merge to create a happy existence, Where happiness leaps from every act and every substance. Just like spring flowers that spread joy, To all alike: a woman, a man, a little girl and a young boy, They live for moments very brief, Yet they always manage to delight the heart immersed in grief. They last for a day or moments few, With a promise that next year they shall bloom anew, Leaving behind sweet memories and hopes profound, And even in a moment of existence they live in eternity that time’s snares can not confound. Similarly my love Irma, your smiles, your beauty nourish my existence, You, your love, your endless beauty are what I need for sustenance, My eternity lies in you, and only you, Eternity will be virtueless if it is not spent thinking about you and loving you. I seek thee with all my senses and my mind and heart, From me the reflections of your beauty never depart, And I lie wrapped in them day and night, Without the glimpse of your beautiful smile I cannot establish the brightness in any form of light. Perhaps someday the sun may not rise, And the Moon may not shine , to me it shall be no surprise, But for me living without loving you is not possible, As for the Moon to shine without the Sun is impossible. So let us be like the Sun and the moonshine, Where both exist to create the life giving sunshine and the romantic moonshine, You be a daffodil, winter jasmine, iris, primrose and be merry and always sing, And I promise, I will always be the unfailing Spring, just your Spring!”
“Autumnal Leaves & The One Who Greaves! Leaves, few green, and many pale leaves, Nature greaves, as Autumn their life steals, And casts them into the lap of gravity, As it leaps at them like a predator that is remorseless and beastly, One by one, all pale leaves with red veins lie striven on different surfaces, Of parks, gardens, pedestrians and that long promenade where summer still exists in traces, In those pine needles still hanging on the tree of life, Piercing deeper and deeper in the true spirit of life’s endless strife, And the aching branches sigh a little louder with every new piercing, But they sustain the pain in hope of adventing Spring, And the river that still flows merrily through the fringes of the town, Looks at the falling, pale leaves and aching pine trees, with an ever deepening frown., The cold cast iron benches on the promenade lie empty, Where just a few months ago lovers kissed in an absolute feeling of felicity, Now occupied occasionally by the regular joggers trying to understand why it rushes, this ever flowing river, Unaware and heedless towards the lovers’ loss and the naked branches with green leaves fewer, And nature, the true lover of us all, Yet thanks the seemingly melancholic season of fall! For to better preserve the heritage of beauty, Time and death too need to fulfil their duty’ For what exists in the form of beautiful memories, Resides in the sanctuary of immortality just like the sweet taste of last season’s red cherries!”
“I want someone to love, and to be loved in return. I want to be able to share my life with someone. I want you. I'm tired of running from what I want, and how I feel.”
“Love keeps the most of ones heart to itself - so it is important to remember oneself while writing to another about it.”
“We can not suffer while admiring something.”
“We can not suffer while loving something deeply.”
“Life is too short to not write something great at least once.”
“To create a masterpiece means to take all seriousness out of life and into one’s art instead.”
“Writing is a kind of prison - always knowing why you’re there yet never knowing where to go after the sentence.”
“I can be whoever the world wants me to be - so I decided to be a scandal: being completely myself.”
“Art is craving the soul - that is why artists never go to heaven.”
“Sometimes life feels like a painting that is drained of all its colours until the artists soul is revealed.”
“Beautiful art is the cause of forgivable scandal.”
“To have everything one wishes for never satisfies oneself. It is the thought of having just enough of everything that leads to happiness without having anything.”
“Life is cursed with the absence of importance - sometimes only triviality can cure it.”
“The only high class tragedy is, to die with another reputation than one is born with (- or even worse: to build its own).”
“All imitation is useless when it does not cause the subject to love the imitation more than its original.”
“One mans scandal is the beginning of the morality of others.”
“The secret of morality is to preach about it long enough, until everybody believes it - and to stop before you do yourself.”
“Irrationality is the absence of ones mind and the consciousness of all feelings.”
“Time, Light, Space, You and I! In the spaces unknown and very high, There where they say we all go when we die, I fled my Earthly shadows to hide in that space high, Where I did not obstruct light but I let it pass by. Through me into its vast arena of cosmic lights, Where there are no shadows because there are no egos and no fights, Where all that shines is not merely due to bright lights, Because in stars too I have seen some Divine delights. That shine through them in those starry nights, When the moon is silent, the sun is humble and the stars don't rumble, I have witnessed sights during those nights, Which even render the brightest sun humble. It is a journey beyond the realm of time, Where time controls nothing because it loses its infinity, Because there light dictates the values of time, Where light does not bend because it alters its proclivity. There, I have seen time bending in that discreet space, Where all laws of Earthly logic fail to compile anything, There time obeys just the factors of light and space, Where to a naked eye only hollowness spreads giving rise to nothing. In actuality it is there time changes its character, Because light assumes a new form, And when new logics takeover and change the cosmic character, Only then I am able to see a universe in a law that is so uniform. I wish to take you on these secret journeys with me, Irma and I, and I shall show you how reality bends in that dimension, But only if you are willing to allow me, To let me love you even in that highest and exalted mansion, Where light behaves differently because time too bends, I will take you there to steal a moment from time that never ends, But it shall be upto you to choose what you wish to see when time bends, Because time and light do not embark on leisurely errands. So hold my hand when we reach that height, And do not panic when you witness newer cosmic lights, Manufacturing time to be able to reach those infinite heights, To please Someone and to be the cause of those infinite cosmic delights. Stand beside me only if you are sure, Because to embark on a beautiful journey seeking eternity, Is not meant for those who are unsure, But for those who believe in the Divine sanity. Where light obstructs time but time never obstructs the light, Where I can not hide behind you nor you can hide behind me, Because there everything that is bright is not light, So stay with me my love and what a wonderful journey of love and wonder it shall be!”
“Hükümdarlar düştü babalardan payımıza. Şanssızız cici prenses. Onlar bize gelene kadar çok başka kişilere önem verir. Ülkeleri, vezirleri, başka kralların oğulları, bir kaşının yayı güzel diye soysuz cariyeleri  hepsini çocuklarından daha çok severler. Biz babalarımız ne derse yaparız. Savaşırız, ölürüz, satılırız ve bür gün tahta geçmek için kardeşlerimizi keseriz. Mesele biz değiliz. Mesele hiçbir zaman biz olmadık.”
“Kederin ve kaybın peykanları bizi deldi geçti.”
“Beni mahvetti. Gülüşüyle aklımı çeldi. Bakışıyla kalbimi mühürledi. Bahtıma yalnızca birkaç cilve düştü. Sonrasında ateşin çevresinde dönen bir pervane böceği oldum. Evet umutsuz ama belki bir umut bulurum diye darma duman”
“I wanted a love contingent on nothing finite. I wanted a love without end. Everyone was always saying you had to give it to yourself. Self-love, self-love.”
“She smiled at me with those brilliant sparkling eyes, the kind that draw you in, that take part of your soul. Her lips twitched halfway, egging me on to kiss her and complete the smile. The smile was completed. We did not leave that parking lot for a while.”
“The sensation was a nightmare, worse than anything that I had ever felt, more vindictive and malicious than even Emerald's feelings toward himself. And worse of all, at the heart of that white hot core of anger, was another emotion so bound up with my attacker's fury that it was functionally indistinguishable from his ire: Love. His rage was rooted in love, a corruption so deepseated that it turned what should have been a bright and joyous emotion into a blight that spread through every corner of his mind.”
“Love that gives birth to poetry is True love”
“Somebody should tell you that you're beautiful every time the sun comes up. Someone should tell you you're beautiful on Wednesdays. And at tea time. Someone should tell you you're beautiful on Christmas Day and Christmas Eve and the evening before Christmas Eve, and on Easter. He should tell you on Guy Fawkes Night and on New Year's, and on the eight of August, just because.”
“Sometimes, love hides behind tears. Only those who wipe away the tears can find it.”
“Rejection is a beast that devours you alive tear by tear”
“Love yourself so deeply that it becomes impossible for any form of negativity to pull you out of self-love’s embrace.”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“When you love someone too much, you become destructive to them.”
“My body is a sacred temple. I treat it with love, kindness, nourishment, and respect.”
“Love blindly but never trust blindly. Give a second chance but never another chance after that. Forgive people but never let them hurt you again.”
“Never assume someone loves you until they don't tell you.”
“To lovers out there …. A relationship should bring the best In you. If the relationship brings the worse In you then that relationship is not for you. If it makes you want to do bad things, start thinking bad things or harmful things, desiring to do bad things on others. If it makes you want to do the very same things, you complain about saying they are wrong. Know you are in a bad or toxic relationship .”
“Then Brian came along. Oh Georgia, I fell for his warm eyes and soft smile that very first year he rented the cottage. It wasn't the same as I'd felt for Edward. That had been a once in a lifetime kind of love. But it was steady, warm, and as gentle as the spring thaw. . .It is love that brought you here. I've never seen another love like Scarlett and Jameson's. It was one of those faded lightnight strikes, miraculous to see up close, to feel the energy between the two when they were in the same room. That is the love that lives in your veins. I've never seen another love like I had for Edward, we were twin flames. But I've also never seen another love like I had for Brian - deep, and calm, and true. Or another love like William's for Hannah, achingly sweet. But I have seen the same love that I had for William the day that I stepped on that plane. It lives in you. You are the culmination of every lightning strike and twist of fate. Do not settle for the love that hones your edges and turns you bitter and cold, Georgia. Not when there are so many other kinds of love waiting for you. And don't wait like I did, wasting 17 years, because I'd left one bitter foot in my past. We're all entitled to our mistakes. When you recognize them for what they are, don't live there. Life is too short to miss the lightning strike, and too long to live it alone.”
“I fucking adore you, Jane. You don’t know how long I’ve been waiting for you.” He moves in and out of me while he groans inside my mouth, his voice smoky and raw. “I didn’t even know I was.” His lips keep devouring mine, only losing touch when he tries to get his words out. “But now I know. You’re my anchor.” He withdraws until just the tip remains inside me and pauses. “Look at me. I’m never fucking letting you go.”
“For some reason I don’t understand, I’ve never been as inspired as I am since I met her. I guess Jane is my muse.”
“When you choose Service to Others, you are deciding you will put someone else before yourself. We don’t mean as a martyr would, because you still have to survive. However, most of the time, if you choose to serve others, you choose unity over separation, love over fear, and forgiveness over hate.”
“— Eu te esperaria para todo o sempre se me pedisse, Celeste. — Meus olhos se enchem de lágrimas involuntárias, e, quando uma delas escorre por minha bochecha, Pietro a captura com o dedo indicador e a leva até a própria boca. — Eu te esperaria nesta vida. Na próxima. Celeste, se você pedisse um pedaço de mim, eu te daria tudo o que há em mim.”
“Your reality is not gone, but the image of it is not with you anymore. I will be your mirror of reality; try to see me. I will guide you through this; try to hear me. You don’t know if you can make a better world for yourself, but often does your world makes itself.”
“Overlove can over the love.”
“For in your embrace, my heart will mend, And this lamenting journey shall come to an end.”
“Love is a feeling, yet it feels beautiful to hear that we are loved.”
“Love and feelings But then, Mahreen does something very unexpected. She holds Hope’s hand and slowly brings her closer to the rose. As both sit on the floor looking at the red rose, she asks Saabir to hold her finger and make her feel the velvety surface of the rose petals and kiss her. Then Mahreen leaves them alone in the moment, in the presence of the most fragrant, very still and the most beautiful red rose. Saabir kisses her. Hope takes a deep breath, and now she can smell Saabir with traces of rose scent. This uplifts her mood and enlivens her senses. She holds Saabir’s neck with her right hand and begins to smell it. As she kisses him again, and again, and again; she cries and finally tears emerge from her eyes; and she falls unconscious in Saabir’s arms- Tonight Hope experienced the virgin feelings of a quintessential human being capable of experiencing and expressing emotions. Tonight Hope may have fallen unconscious, but she shall wake up as a conscious, sensitive, and an emotionally enriched woman. A true Hope!”
“Love is infinite; an aurora and you have been given the brush by the Artist who created the palette.”
“Love and aspirations! Let me take you behind the rainbow, And show you the colours of love, Let me make you wet with my feelings of love, As every droplet of my colourful feelings kisses you behind that rainbow. Let me borrow some colourful mist from the butterfly, And sprinkle it on your soul, Let me love you whole including your soul, As you become the envy of every butterfly. Let me take you to the garden of roses, lavenders and other beautiful flowers, And love you like careless lovers, Let us be those carefree and self indulgent lovers, As I secretly endow you with the beauty of all these flowers. Let us stand at the banks of the noisy rivulet, And flow with its hastiness in one direction, Let you be the sea and I will be the river flowing in this direction, As you and I become the part of the happily and always rushing rivulet. Let me take you to a place where it is always morning, And let the dew fall on your soul and quench you, Let you be the pasture of million grass blades as the dew drops kiss you, As you witness the wave of pleasure engulfing you , then only for you let me be this morning. Let me take you to the distant valley where the shepherdess sings a beautiful song, And you try to be her melody, Let me then be the every note of this melody, As you get drawn towards the mesmerising song. Let me make you sit before my mirror long enough, And fill myself just with your visual imaginations, Let there be no memory left in me except your imaginations, As I love you today Irma may it be till eternity, and yet not enough! Let me feel your bright body and deep eyes, under the sun, And I shall love you in presence of this universe, Let me kiss you , to feel you and to remember you just like this universe, As sometimes under the moonlight I feel you are my warmth and my only sun! Let me love you forever, Although loving is brief but forgetting is an infinite loop of time, So, let me love you Irma till the end of time, Because we were born for each other and to be together forever. Let me now take you to the pinnacle of hopes, dreams and beautiful aspirations, And you decide if you wish to push me into the abyss of nothingness, Let me tell you though, I shall find you even in that nothingness, Because as we both stood in front of the mirror, I hope you remember, my reflection was a representation of your beauty and aspirations!”
“You and I my love! She said, “I want to be alone when I am with you.” And I replied, “My love, it will still, and always be, you and I, Alone I do not know, but with you, only with you, Because with you, I am you and not I, And everything around me fades into a state of nonexistence, It is just you and only you wherever I see, Even the universe seems to draw from you its very existence, And in this universe with you and within you forever I wish to be, Alone, very alone, only with you my love Irma, just with you, And what a wonder it shall be to be in this state of emotional stillness forever, Where I am you , you are me and everything within me rushes to kiss you, Yet the feeling everyday is fresher, finer and newer, And the desire to be alone with you keeps growing stronger, And my love Irma I cannot wait any more, Now I neither have the will, the desire nor the power, I wish to kiss you, touch you just like before, Under the moonlight, just you and I, Where you are my only desire, To be so till eternity, you and I , only you and I, With no end to this passion and fire, Just like the waves in the endless ocean of love, I wish to sail with you till the time’s end, You with me, to be truly you and I, my love, Let it be so, each day, each hour, each moment till the end! For a memory of a moment with you my love, I shall relinquish eternity without you, So let us be alone, only you and I , my love, Where you are a part of me and I am a part of you. That is when my love Irma, you shall feel truly with me and I shall feel the same with you, Even when surrounded by the crowd of million souls, we shall still feel alone, you just with me and I with you!”
“Loving someone unconditionally is saying I have no idea what’s going to happen. I have no idea where this life is going to take us. You’ll change in certain ways because change is inevitable. You won’t always be the person you were the day I met you. You’re going to make mistakes and so am I. It’s a promise that no matter what happens, no matter how many times the world gets in the way, I will choose you.”
“When life poses questions without words, a tender embrace holds the key to unspoken answers.”
“The beauty of a hug lies in its ability to unravel the unknown, unraveling the mysteries of the heart.”
“In the face of the unanswered, let the language of hugs convey the unspoken truths of compassion and connection.”
“When the world presents conundrums, seek refuge in the gentle embrace of a hug, for it brings clarity to the unknown.”
“A hug, the universal response to life's riddles, unlocks the secrets hidden within the questions we dare not ask.”
“Divorce has become the answer to a world not interested in the solution.”
“She sits by the ruins of her love two months after the heartquake destroyed it.”
“Live as if you will die tomorrow. Love as if they will die tomorrow.”
“They say when one door closes, another opens or there's a window open somewhere. But what if I keep the door closed for sometime, freeze the moment for a while, and look inside the closets of my heart and take a gentle stroll outside without walking inside of any door, or peeping inside of a window? What if the door I have been looking for has always been the lock of my mind, the key being Silence resonating in my heart only audible when the pelting of doors and windows are hushed for a while?”
“the last little orb winks behind our mountain Venus peeking one eye over her shoulder I boil water, you dice mushrooms for the sauce remember all the poems we wrote when we were young, I say always about that thin crack between day and night I write you another one right there in the kitchen for old times sake and butter melts on the table old witches know what that means out in the middle of nowhere”
“To lovers out there … When you have what your partner wants. They will find any reason to stay. They will justify your every action. When you no longer have what they want. They will find any reason to go or to leave you. Everything you do or say will be wrong.”
“One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving,”
“Music allows us a little more insight into the ways of the heart.”
“Do you have duties tonight? Iris asked, not letting go of his arm on which she held. She wanted nothing more than to curl up in his lap and lie there forever.”
“Are you going to kiss me goodnight? she teased. Mr. Black stared at her for a moment in contemplation before leaning down and kissing her cheek. Iris closed her eyes while he did. Then she opened them and grinned. Goodnight, Mr. Black. Goodnight, Iris, he said. And she closed the door softly, still smiling.”
“THERE IS NO LOVE, AFTER MY LOVE. The two meanings of this inscription are: He will never love anybody else, and secondly, I will never forget his love for me.”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for something or someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“Tonight my heart is crying, With every beat, it feels like dying. My body yearns for your warmth, Without you, it's adrift like a boat without an oar. My hands long to be in yours, Together we'd never feel lost or unsure. My eyes frantically search for you, Hoping to catch a glimpse of the one who's true.”
“He has the look of a Handsome Boy from a different time. He could be a dashing World War I soldier, handsome enough for a girl to wait years for him to come back from war, so handsome she could wait forever. He could be wearing a red letterman’s jacket, driving around in a Corvette with the top down, one arm on the steering wheel, on his way to pick up his girl for the sock hop. Peter’s kind of wholesome good looks feel more like yesterday than today. There’s just something about him girls like.”
“I will always save you, Ellie. You’re my world. I’ll burn down the whole goddamn world for you. ~ Hawk to Ellie (HAWK, Daddies of the Shadows, #8)”
“I wondered if I would ever grow tired of looking at him, if his features would become like the lyrics of a song I knew by heart. The kind I sang absently to myself while driving but without really focusing on the meaning.”
“Loves seeds unseen a floating world  that fadeth not away Carried by the wind on wings  every breath ever near always Just like a precious memory  left behind  but not apart In truth loves seeds live on anew  forever planted in the heart”
“I have a nerd-level fascination with movie soundtrack.”
“You are but a withered leaf, That once danced with every breeze, Though it has now fallen from the tree. So I sweep you aside, and then move on.”
“Book after book, you made love your protagonist, your antagonist. Because what else is worth bleeding on the page for? What else is worth breathing for, dying for, or even justifying the occasional pyromania for? Love. That's the only string that weaves your world into coherence.”
“The way you hate me is the motivation for me to strive for my betterment & advancement so that I love you the most in the way that flow as compensatory enthusiasm within my blood.”
“I fall for you ever single pump of blood in my heart, from the beginning of the day to end of night.”
“Whenever I miss you my eyes always eagerly wait to see you every second, they always search for you and captures you in my heart.”
“Beauty isn't found in a mirror, it's felt in the soul.”
“That's what love looks like. It's not always about the flowers and grand gestures, but this right here. Being completely yourself with another person in the moment, and them accepting no less of you.”
“But She Does She loves him as though he were the moon, Capturing her attention, Filling her with awe. Reflection of something brighter, he lights her favorite time of night. She loves him, far away and nestled between the stars, but she does. She loves him as though he were a fern, Gentle and soft, Curled by the edge of a path. Hidden between those which are far more impressive, but she sees. She loves him, small and quiet, but she does. She loves him as though he were the storm, Loud and unrelenting, Covering the sun, Misunderstood for anger and for wrath, but she sees. She loves him, impulsive and quick, but she does. She loves him as though he were hers, Close and loving, Surrounding her with affection. And though he may be distant, she sees. She loves him, silly and sorrowful, but she does.”
“You showed me what love was, and I saw "My Forever " in your eyes .”
“True beauty radiates from within and illuminates the world around us.”
“beauty, beauty quotes,beautiful quote, beauty of life, beauty in nature, love quotes, face quotes”
“Beauty is the light that shines from within, and it can brighten the world around us.”
“They hadn’t been there long, but time was irrelevant to them. The weight of the present had long ago numbed any value given to passing moments.”
“Comes the day like no other  Greet it as you would a lover ”
“Oh, that I could be the wind this night  To carry whispered words of love  From tender lips to pillow white ”
“Wen we met, something inside both of us had changed, and whatever that was, it made us need each other. For reasons unknown to me, I was his exception, and as much as I had tried to fight my feelings, he was mine.”
“Those who aren’t looking for help aren’t at the point where they need it yet. It’s everyone else who’s acting out of fear instead understanding.”
“The sun doesn’t rise, we do.”
“Art was how artists were able to breathe.”
“We were quick to forget we didn’t forget quickly.”
“Many of us chose to starve ourselves with what we ingested.”
“Using our trauma as an excuse to cause trauma to others was inexcusable.”
“Being ourselves was the easiest path to choose, although not the easiest to see through til the end.”
“Love Always, Eat Well, Travel Often”
“If you're looking for a miracle, for healing, for help— if you're looking for an answer, darling start within yourself.”
“Если он монстр, то я его создатель”
“You showed me what live was, and I saw "My forever" in your eyes!”
“Love is a double-edged knife. Let's never hurt each other, because, my love, you will bleed, and so will I.”
“You are ethereal, and I find my universe in You!”
“Forget the ever expanding universe, holding your hand, I could feel what infinity is!”
“In the realm of uncertainty, a warm hug speaks volumes where words fall short.”
“When faced with the unknown, remember that a simple hug can bridge the gap between uncertainty and understanding.”
“When faced with the enigma of life, embrace it with a hug, for its language transcends all puzzles.”
“When the riddles of existence baffle your mind, let a heartfelt hug be the answer that brings solace.”
“Amidst the mysteries that surround us, a hug shines as a beacon of understanding and comfort.”
“Because there's nowhere I wouldn't go for you. And if you get out to Montana and realize there's somewhere else you need to be, there's nothing I'm not willing to do to make it work. I'd rather have you five days a year than anyone else all the time.”
“See the stars my love, They never forget to shine bright like that, My love for you will always shine and twinkle, Even if I am far away from you.”
“My beautiful daughter, you did what the mystics have been preaching for thousands of years. You dived head-first into love. It doesn’t matter what his intentions were. Yours were pure because you are the embodiment of love.”
“My lover asks me: “What is the difference between me and the sky?” The difference, my love, Is that when you laugh, I forget about the sky.”
“Feeders (A Narc in Love): They'll feed off your energy, Soak up your adoration, Seem perfect in your eyes, As the love-bombing ignites the manipulation They will never truly love you, They do not love themselves, But they'll break you down from the inside-out And demolish your sense of self And then when they see they cannot control you, They'll shout, and shut the door, As you elevate from the ashes, Gone, is the backing down you had displayed before Then, they'll drop you, And from a shaky, fantastical ivory tower you'll fall, Because they've realised, They cannot keep you on their puppet-strings anymore”
“There is a land where skies no clouded regions know; where they know not the sorrows of time and no shadows fall to blight the view nor pain nor sickness nor distress there, death, the last enemy, is slain there those who meet shall part no more”
“No saint, no sinner, no angel, no demon look to the sky, look at the ground between the two, In the middle is us. now, strong wind and after, a friendly breeze, hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, amidst Birth and Death, acrobats.”
“Love is enough though the world be a-waning, deep in flower and in flesh, in star and soil and seed we shall be notes in that great symphony of love, in every fallen tear, in every courageous heart, In every life that leaves, new suns across the sky will rise again.”
“Loving you makes sense out of this world. This feeling only means that you to me, you are the universe.”
“Every human being craves love. There is nothing more rewarding in life than love.”
“Love keeps you young.”
“When a man loves a woman, the child in him comes out. And when a woman loves a man, her maternal instinct comes out.”
“There's always more, Avery, Between us, There's always more.”
“Finding loyalty in love has become difficult, Love itself has lost its true essence.”
“Relationships can limit or free you, surprise or inspire you, but they are one of the most important things in life and one of the least understood”
“Bullets: There is nothing more harmful than words that cause an internal bleed, So be gentle with hearts, Be honest with intentions, But also be kind with your words, It's tempting to speak in bullets, To get it all out, But it takes true strength to step back, Consider deeply what you want to say And be guided by love to express yourself Without damaging a heart In a cruel, callous way”
“Held: Love is the only thing to ever hold onto. Even when it was never returned to you Even if it was used as a tool to hurt you Because not everyone knows how to love Or to treat people tenderly That's why the ones that speak with love and live through love Will always have an extra special task to fulfil on this earth And that is  To keep holding onto love”
“You will know you have been loved when someone mourns your passing more than you do….”
“It is not a lover's job to make sense, Lover's role is to humanize all senses. Role of animal senses is to stay contained, Role of human senses is to extend themselves. To sense the sense is nonsense, To sense nonsense is ultimate sense of all. This is possible only when you are lost, This is possible only when you are in love. All five senses are of no worth, If you don't have that one sense, the sense of love. Sense yourself till you sense nothing but love. Break yourself till each crack reflects the infinity of the heart. Each of us is an explorer of infinity, Yet we are trapped in vain by insecurity. Wake up to love and you'll see, all cages are fiction, cooked up by knee-deep sanity.”
“My life's tale, a single book of love, A lamp of hope that guides me from above, A dream that fuels my heart's fiery desire, With you, my dear, the one I truly admire. Between the pages of this book, we'll tread, A journey together, where we'll be led, To destinations unknown, hand in hand, Exploring life's wonders, as we understand. This treasure, my heart holds dear and true, A precious gem, meant only for me and you, May my prayers soar high, focused on our love, No other direction, no other sight thereof. For you are the good news, my heart's delight, In your presence, my world shines bright, May no one else cross our path's embrace, For you alone, my beloved, hold the special place. Source Syed Rehman Hayder Quotes”
“He was beautiful. No, handsome. Crylonian people call men handsome and not beautiful, she corrected herself. The word was harsh - it felt like she should grab pieces that could contain him. She always disagreed. Beautiful was more ethereal. It reminded her of light and sun, something you couldn’t quite grasp or hold on to, nothing you could explain but just feel. He was like that. Beautiful.”
“I love you. Everything and anything I do is for you. Only you.”
“The man who does not love leaves no hostage for fortune”
“Calm is a bed where flowers grow.”
“No matter where the sun is in the sky, it’s always warm when you’re around.”
“Being kind is the greatest thing that costs nothing, but it is everything to the person who receives it.”
“We all need love and support from others”
“If you do not love yourself, you will be unable to love anyone else”
“I know I shall disappoint you in a thousand ways before our time on Earth is through. But I hope that you will always see the good in me and know that this unworthy heart of mine will always be yours, no matter what obstacles or failures I bring to your life.”
“This is a new country, as you say. Why shouldn’t it have new laws, new customs? And why should not those customs extend to the home itself. To—to love!”
“If relationships are a puzzle, then theirs was solved from the get-go- as if someone shook out the box and watched from above as each separate piece landed exactly right, slipping into the other, fully interlocked, into a picture that made perfect sense.”
“In the age of the internet, Love is a whole new game to play. Swipe left, swipe right, Who knows what might you find today”
“The internet may have made finding love easier, but it hasn't made keeping it any simpler”
“Online relationships may lack physical proximity, but they can still touch the depths of the heart.”
“Most people are now seeking problems, troubles and pain, because that is the only time they get attention, affection and recognition. That is why some are vile, mean, and provocative. They never got the love and attention they needed.”
“Love or hate me. both are in my favour. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart, but if you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.”
“Faith can move mountains but love can move people to do greater things.”
“Sometimes science isn't enough. Sometimes you need the poets," he says, and it's in this moment, this exact moment, that I fall in love with him again.”
“You asked me why I call you ‘Mist’? Because you’re the mist that blurs everything else in the room by your presence.”
“I know love hurts, but it’s also the only thing that makes us feel alive. You may not admit it yet but I heard your heart beating against mine today. I know you’re alive.”
“Avant, il voulait te voir morte ; maintenant il pourrait mourrir pour toi.”
“To lovers out there … Relationship is like a bank. You will always lose your partner to the person who shows more interest to them ,if you don’t. To someone who is willing to investing their own precious time to them. If your partner doesn’t profit anything from you. Then they will close their account and will try to find another bank.”
“In a long-term relationship, love alone is not enough. The secret to a successful relationship is friendship + shared goals.”
“The fragrance of love depends on the flower of faith. The flower of faith itself perfumes love from time to time, and if the flower of faith withers, the fragrance of love disappears.”
“Fallen like a dew drop to the petals of a rose. Fallen like a snowflake to the river of dreams. Fallen like an autumn leaf to the bosom of soil. Fallen to be one and never to part again. - Poem 'Fallen”
“I lay down my armor and find solace in the moonlit melodies of your heart.”
“He was your first love.. I intend to be your last. However long it takes.”
“Some nights are for sleeping in different places, but having the same beautiful dream.”
“In the age of digital connectivity, love is no longer just a feeling, it's a click away”
“Swipe right for love, swipe left for heartbreak - the modern game of love has taken a digital twist.”
“The internet may have transformed the way we find love, but it cannot replace the joy of a real-life connection.”
“The internet has created a world of infinite options for love, but true love can only be found through the vulnerability of the heart.”
“The internet has given us the ability to connect with anyone, anywhere, but it's up to us to make those connections meaningful.”
“The future of online relationships will be shaped by our ability to balance the convenience of the digital world with the depth of human connection.”
“The internet may be a tool for finding love, but true love is always worth the search, online or off.”
“In the world of online relationships, authenticity is key - don't be afraid to be your true self, and you may just find the love of your life.”
“God, why give Wings for the angels, but feet for people? . ''You were born to dream, you were born to love''. ''Give me wine. Give me bread, Lift me higher! Lift me higher! From this sphere of earthly dross, redeem me from the clay!”
“Mountains fall and seas divide and impossible things may seem but where there’s despair there is and faith and where there’s sadness the consolation is near. Every breath is a chance to reborn, but to be reborn you have to die before dying”
“In every fallen star, in every fallen tear, in every courageou s heart love lead truth through fear is the reason we breath. So live out loud let your voice rise let it soar through clouds let it break the sky to show we are united.”
“We smile, we cry, we win, we lose, now, strong wind and, after, a friendly breeze hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, we come, and we go, we departure from the world, In this little part of infinity that we live Amidst Birth and Death, acrobats”
“Be kind to all mankind.”
“It's a leap of faith to love people and let yourself be loved. It's closing your eyes, stepping off a ledge into nothing, and trusting that you'll fly rather than fall. And I know you will. It might not be right now, but I know you. Sooner or later, you'll fly.”
“Stop analysing people and groups of people and love them.”
“People fall in love because they have some unfinished business from past lives.”
“But real love is very quiet, very still. It's boring, if seen from the perspective of high drama. Love is deep and calm - and constant.”
“One can't help but wonder what their relationship will be like in the future, Alcestis and Admetus. Trust, once lost, is hard to recover.”
“To love is to be brave. To love is to operate in your natural state.”
“I felt as though what we shared went beyond the effable, beyond what could be written about. It was the infinite space between the unspoken I-love-yous that resounded so clearly all around us.”
“Прегратката и бакнежот не ја кажуваат ни половината од мојата љубов.”
“Someone is standing next to him, and as I near them and focus on the man, I’m left speechless. It's like he stepped off the pages of a men's fitness magazine, with muscle in places I didn't think muscle existed. His muscles have muscles. He's not terribly tall, but that's okay. Neither am I. But he's fit and tan and rippled gorgeousness. He stands out in this place that’s usually filled with space nerds or kids on field trips. I am immediately curious why he's here and why Richard is smiling awkwardly.”
“To lovers out there … Most relationship end, because of someone always trying to have a different opinion on everything said or done by their partner. They always opposes their partner not looking at the merit, content or context . They just want to be in control, to test their powers and influence they have on their partner. Asking them for things they don’t really want . To see if they will get it for them. Making their partner to stop doing things they love , not because those things are wrong or it bothers them, but to see if they would listen to them.”
“Do not lie to a lover. On the other hand, do not always tell them the whole truth. Disclosure exposes, creates a stalking fear.”
“Heart breaking is heart in making, Wounds bleeding are wonders in making.”
“Awakening to Dawn Dawn is near Here I meet you Here I greet you In this sacred, infinite space Oh, how I feel your embrace It is to taste the greatness of your mistakes- Your sweet songs of joy Of a love To which I awe; For, with such a love Nothing is a loss Lessons learned, journeys that burn with the flame, which is the only truth The unspoken word. I see you, I feel you Inside my Soul, we meet You walk with me, guide me To the gate of our wisdom our truth Where love has always overcome We burn with the light of infinite skies, nights Songs, poems Love Together, we open the wisdom gate Heart, Soul, Spirit Connect me Unite me To the infinite space Love Of infinite Oneness Here I love you We meet- Embrace, taste Infinite Oneness Open the door, the sacred gate Have faith For, it is never too late to wake up Dawn is near.”
“Rose Essence Embrace your love Look into a rose and see your Soul Breathe with a rose and feel eternal love Sing with the rose, and you take flight Spread your ecstatic wings and sing with us.”
“Value your privilege. Love, honor, and respect these gifts you've been given. They can go as quickly as they came. Make sure they remain special.”
“Manipulating someone who loves you is a betrayal too.”
“I'm still faithful to the river.”
“In Love, Nothing Is As Big As Family.”
“Those who are easily offended rarely understand others.”
“Love is the most powerful thing on earth compared to fame and wealth. Because where there is love, there is peace of mind.”
“The people we love are the threads that weave the tapestry of our lives, and every moment spent with them is a brushstroke on the canvas of our memories.”
“The people we love are the stars that light up our lives, and we should be grateful for every moment we get to spend with them.”
“Love is the glue that binds us together, and the moments we share with the people we love are the building blocks of a life well-lived.”
“If you think love is a game . You will lose .”
“To lovers out there … If you think love is a game. You will lose. You will fool around, play around and at the end , you will find out by losing. Losing interests, partner, love, passion, integrity, money, kindness, morals, time, losing yourself and if you are unlucky losing your life. That is why some people who think like that are scoring or winning dates, hot partners, arguments, sex and other people’s partner, but losing love.”
“With a million blessings upon your fingertips, touch the world.”
“I am courageous because, despite it all, I still choose to love.”
“When you yearn to love like Jesus, your life becomes less self-centred and more self-giving. ”
“There’s a privilege in parting, after all.”
“Being with girls is the same—it’s shameless and gritty, it’s not as soft as people make it out to be. It’s soft with men too. Even unknowingly, we diminish ourselves little by little to feel more loved. As girls, we don’t need to diminish ourselves when we’re together, we fit in every sense of the word. It doesn’t matter if we’re bruised, bloody, or empty, we become these things together—we fit.”
“mai avevano comunicato così profondamente, di quando lei sfiorò le labbra silenziose contro la sua spalla o di quando lui le sfiorò la punta delle dita, delicatamente, come se lei dormisse.”
“Are you living fully, loving completely, learning constantly and planning to leave a worthwhile legacy?”
“Sentence me to life in your heart and watch me prosper.”
“Liberty, if I could, I would take your pain and put it in my heart. If there was a way, I won’t hesitate.”
“Qualcuna che sia ancor più bella che l'amor mio? il sole, che vede ogni cosa, non ha mai veduto l'eguale di lei da quando il mondo è cominciato.”
“To live without love is not to live at all.”
“Y sin decir nada, Sam se incorpora y me arrincona contra el tronco de nuestro árbol para regalarme uno de esos besos que se dan cuando las palabras faltan y los sentimientos hablan, y yo, cómo no, aprovecho y me dejo mecer a la deriva. Con suerte recobraré el sentido cuando sus labios se separen de los míos, pienso.”
“Love and relationships can be a treacherous path to walk, filled with sharp edges and hidden thorns that can pierce even the strongest of hearts. Sometimes the wounds they leave behind never fully heal, reminding us of what we've lost and what we can never get back”
“Good people do bad things and bad people do good thing, so i choose to love unconditionally.”
“they say people can be only at one place at a time, that is in fact false as you are both in my heart and my mind”
“I tried giving each star a different reason as to why I love you, unfortunately, I ran out of stars.”
“What is love ? Love is like a fragrance, which we diffuse in one's heart from time to time or at a particular time in the course of life. We create an ocean by slowly storing one drop of love in someone's heart.”
“To lovers out there … Thou shall not condone toxic behavior or abuse in a relationship. Thou shall not compare their relationship with other relationships or partners. Thou shall not compete with their partner. Thou shall care for their partner Thou shall compromise for their partner . Relationship is about meeting each other halfway. You need to be on the same way again.”
“All affections, friendships, and relationships are connected with only one feeling, Love.”
“Every person I met has a specific place in my life, for their presence shaped me. I thank those who showed me love and those who have broken my heart because they taught me how precious love is, how everyone deserves to be loved, how hate breaks hearts and how I must never plan to break someone's heart. I'm telling you, every situation has a lesson, but it all depends on how we see things!”
“Love was once a beautiful song, But now it's just a melody gone wrong. My heart was once filled with joy, But now it's just a shattered toy.”
“The beauty is in having an open heart and being able to feel joy and laugh”
“I don't want to be just a noun in your life, I want to be a verb so I can love you over and over again.”
“True love mends broken hearts and never changes no matter what the circumstances are, but the fake eventually destroys someone's heart.”
“What happens when people open their hearts? - They get better.”
“the more i love the less i talk, because no word in the world powerful enough to express how i feel.”
“Truth is, for every galaxy that far surpasses every planet, there is a Hood. In every Hood, there is birthed a remnant of greatness and uniqueness like no other. Against all odds, that remnant shall be a mighty force that changes the game”!”
“To love is risky. Not to love is foolish.”
“I send my thoughts out on a search for something new, but they always come back with you.”
“I hope there's a love that has seen it all, and still decides to stay.”
“Love, Repentance, Truth in word and deed”
“If looking into your eyes meant being cast into hell, I would burn in loneliness, for I had just seen heaven.”
“Love is a figment of our imagination, becoming whatever we wish it to be. We customized our feelings to control love, resembling a wind being tossed about whichever way it suits us.”
“Eve was made for Adam, not ANY Man.”
“Irrationality is the absolute absence of ones mind and the full consciousness of every feeling.”
“If you could see my heart, you'd see the space for you in it.”
“Tell me. Tell me everything. Tell me the most boring parts of your day that don't even interest you, tell me how you wake up in the morning and how you sleep at night. Tell me what scares you and what your deepest desires are. I want it all, all of your mind and all of your thoughts, give it all to me and only me…because I don't think I can breathe without it anymore.”
“I could hear my heart beating. I could hear everyone's heart. I could hear the human noise we sat there making, not one of us moving, not even when the room went dark.”
“Love accepts you as yourself. It will never ask you to be someone else.”
“Peace, I seek to deck my passion, for I Love you much Calliope, the fine voice: as It belongs to a never discouraging land, where Moon it never wans and Music rave high”
“Peace, I seek to deck my passion, for I Love you much Calliope, the fine voice: as It belongs to a never discouraging land, where Moon it never wans and Music raves high.”
“Ljubav je čudna stvar. Uhvati te nespremnog.”
“She was brave, vibrant, spirited and dynamic. Her determination to fight for her people was admirable, and her fearlessness in asking for what she needed from him and his brothers was brassy. She was a vision of rare beauty and intelligence that tore through his every fibre.”
“i loooveee ted i loove ted s much he is soooo hot”
“To lovers out there   A relationship is verbal contract between two people. Like any contract there are clauses, terms and conditions. If you don’t know any clauses, terms and conditions of your relationship. How then would you know if you are not bridging your contract. When to end your contract and how to make your partner happy based on the agreement. When to upgrade your contract to a written one which is Marriage .”
“Chaque baiser était une blessure où les lèvres, le souffle, les dents, la pointe de la langue plongeaient, humides, puis se défaisaient lentement, après une dernière hésitation, laissant entre leurs deux bouches un sourire pâle, embué.”
“Love is the most overrated luxury brand in the world.”
“Meeting you, in my dreams Kissing you, in the cool breeze Awaken me, to your colors, as to feel my heartbeat. You never cease to amaze me, and see me as I am. I love you and I kiss you For a new day is birthed, through the grace of your hand - Here, is where I am.”
“Love within the wound Love within the pain Love within the flame Love within the sacred temple of the Soul, and love unfolding everywhere we go.”
“A song to the skies, and the clouds weep as if they had been asleep. Our songs are felt above and below, and seep into the depths of our Souls. Grateful for another day of loving, and grateful for all for which I am.”
“What if, one would fall into an empty abyss? Nothing truly outrageous would happen - or could it finally happen? Dare to soar Fly angel fly - free for here, we are to love and be.”
“Here for Love As is water, so is life. The waves may test our strength as the ocean currents too may test our balance. The little splashes of wet sand may test our inner humor. Let it test you Stay the course Being grounded is purely a state of mind, connection helps. Stay connected to all that nurtures your Soul, and release into the mystical stormy waters all that has served its place. We are here to love and be love, and absolutely nothing less. Go ahead and walk into the waters knowing that the only certainty in life is in miracles. We are a miracle.”
“Maybe it's not too late, to learn how to love and forget how to hate!”
“Dont regret being good to people because one day they will wish they still had that”
“Love hard but do not join your senses there, you will lose.”
“It's bad enough that you lose someone who's been a big part of your life and you've loved. But it's a tragedy to lose someone who you must love above all, and that is YOU!”
“The Only Way To Love Me Is To Love Me Without Any Feelings.”
“To lovers out there … I had learned that when you want something really good for you. You must work hard for it, or you must pay for it. You can pay respect, pay attention, pay it with your time . Some pay with money. Some pay with their careers, dreams and goals. Some pay by making sacrifices. Some pay with their bodies or life, and some pay with their emotions. Or you must work hard in doing chores, doing favors, buying gifts, working on your sex game , communication or listening skills, or working hard in pleasing your partner. Then you will have a good relationship or marriage.”
“Heart breaking is heart in making,”
“Deception  It follows us everywhere, slowly devouring our peace and sanity. It creates a wall between us preventing me from reaching you no matter how much I want to.”
“Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt.”
“I have so much love to give because I love myself so much.”
“Love, then, is the binding power of being, on every level of reality. In fact, love is being and reality: love turning toward love in love with itself. Everything is on this track, and everything being/consciousness/bliss, whether it "knows" itself as such or not. But the soul which awakens and finds itself in the dance: that soul has won the bet.”
“The love I felt for him and was coming to understand was as vital to me as breathing.”
“When I say I love you, Ash, I don't mean that I love you in the way that I love Basquiat or oat milk lattes, I mean that I love you. All that you are and all that you will be and I can't wait to find out who that person is.”
“Don't seek for someone you can talk sense with, seek for someone you can talk nonsense with.”
“Ona's laughter is the finest, the most exquisite sound in all of nature, filled with breath and promise, and the only sound she releases into the world that she doesn't also try to retrieve.”
“Love is a journey that takes you to unexpected places, but with the right person by your side, every step is worth it”
“The shore knows that the waves belong to the ocean, yet it welcomes the waves with an open arm, whether it comes with a gentle rush or crash against it. I was the shore; you were like the waves.”
“Sam looked at Sadie and thought, ‘This is what time travel is.’ It’s looking at a person and seeing them in the present and past, concurrently.”
“By learning to love ourselves we also learned to a better lover for your partner”
“All men are equal Whether you are strong or weak They let you down when things get tough. Love has nothing to do with strength So all that matters is that you have a good heart.”
“The day I met you, it was like a light turned on and I could see everything in magnificent, magical technicolour. You didn't fix me, only I can do that, but you make me care about stuff again, you know?”
“Love is building a bridge over a sea of ​​hate.”
“Love is what you miss when you are busy doing what you don't love.”
“Love is like a house, protect us from stormy weather, or hot sunny day, in both cases we are safe because, love is there to protect us.”
“When you in love, you see positivity in every situation even if not.”
“The only love that is close to us that we do not feel is the love that we have in our homes”
“Sometimes the price of love can be higher than your pride”
“I will always choose you”
“If you really care about something keep it private !”
“To lovers out there … Relationship is like work. The more time you invest in it. The more you contribute. The better the outcome or more profit you make. The more you put in. The more you get out of it.”
“Keep love in your heart and take it with you wherever you go”
“Love is like sunlight that you can't avoid unless you choose to sit in the dark”
“Life is a long road trip, you may see beautiful scenery on your way to your final destination, you may see fair and bad as well, but in the end it will all be worth it, all you can do is take the best of it. And enjoy the ride.”
“I'll steal your heart,' he said 'You cannot steal a gift freely given.”
“Changing someone’s core before we can accept them is not love. Is it?”
“I was good at expressing my ambitions and my desires, my anger, and my joy, but despite that, I failed at expressing my loneliness. I always stood up for what I believed in. But I also wanted to be loved, and the sad truth is that, sometimes, if you are too independent, people believe you don’t need love. You have to pay the price for your independence. You can be right, but being right when you have no one on your side isn’t actually a win.”
“It really surprises me how many times the same person can hurt me for the same reason.”
“I am too ruined for the world.” You said once, and it broke my heart, because you were the purest person I had ever known. “Or maybe the world is too ruined for you,” I countered. You closed your eyes, absorbing my words. I saw the impact they had on you, as you whispered, hugging yourself, with a strange mix of pain and relief etched on your face, “I am not ruined.” Something had transformed in you when you finally opened your eyes and said, “I think I am falling in love.”
“Sadly, the hearts glued by friendship are often separated by love.”
“Whether love will make you or break you depends on whom you fall for, and unfortunately, most people fall for the wrong person.”
“Bad people will teach money is everything but good people will teach love is everything.”
“I stood on my toes, so my eyes were level with his. “I don’t want you to go, but I want you to be safe. If you being safe means you have to be far away from me, then that’s what I want.” “Baby, no one’s safe,” he said. “Not a single person is getting out of this existence alive. Living is a risk, and there’s no one I’d rather risk it with than you.”
“War doesn’t only kill humans; it also kills love, trust and relations!”
“Love devolves very quickly into horror when gods are involved.' 'Love can devolve quickly into horror with anyone.”
“If a man chooses cohabitation over marriage, his fears are bigger than his love for you; move on.”
“Goodness is more about trying to save those you love. Regardless of the cost.”
“Time stood still, once I first met you. And after you left me every second began to hurt  for I was trapped inside our eternity.”
“How magnificent a lifetime feels once it is held together by something that is worth loving forever.”
“To Lovers out there …. It is hard to recognize and to keep the real one or the right one. When you have fake friends or bad friends.”
“Dear Daughter, Paint a portrait of love in your heart and you will feel loved.”
“Dear Daughter, Self-love enables you to enjoy time alone and develop a healthy sense of self-worth.”
“Dear Daughter, Stay focused and capture the beautiful moments of life. Love your life and celebrate every wonderful day that comes.”
“Dear Daughter, Take good care of yourself, love yourself and know your worth. In this world, you need to do your best in order to become the best.”
“Dear Daughter, When you love yourself, you will act in ways that are kind, gentle, joyful, faithful, peaceful, and with self-control. You can effectively master these virtues when you know who you are and when you have the Lord by your side.”
“Dear Daughter, You are enough—more than enough. You just have to love and appreciate yourself enough.”
“Deep inside, all of us desire to love and be loved. Love is our true nature because love is the nature of our spirit. That is why when we get in touch with our spirit, we get in touch with love. Composting the Ego Leaf Lessons”
“Truth is what love brings, but love is not always what truth brings. So, prioritize love, not truth. Better progress slow than progress loveless.”
“Truth is what love brings, but love is not always what truth brings. So, prioritize love, not truth.”
“Loveless progress is just as dangerous as brainless prejudice.”
“Sleeping on grass is the most peaceful thing.”
“If I found love in my lifetime, then it would be a blessing, but if I didn't, I no longer had the urge or need to pursue it.”
“If you can explain why you love him/her, then believe me, that's not true love.”
“Life's struggles may break our spirit, but it is the power of love and unwavering faith that mends it and makes it stronger.”
“Open to receive. Dance with the fading grasses. Nourish your Soul, as the leaves surrender to all the beauty of the fall. Nature accepts and loves us, just as we are, in each passing moment of this breath. Open your heart, fall into her loving embrace. Walk through the passageway of your increasingly expansive heart.”
“She wanted to preserve that moment, the moment just before, when everything was still possible and perfect.”
“And then his arms were suddenly around her. For a split second, time stood still for Laurel, and what was more, she wished it to. She wanted to preserve that moment, the moment just before, when everything was still possible and perfect. When the night was bright with anticipation and the promise of a kiss hung in the air between them, filling the room with a hair-raising charge like the feeling just before a bolt of lightning strikes during a terrific thunderstorm. He stepped closer and she breathed in deeply. The scent of a clean masculine soap, the rich spice of an expensive cologne, and beneath it all, the duke himself, earthy, woodsy, and so very male. Laurel’s eyes closed as his body pressed against hers. It was very firm and hard, just as she had imagined it would be. The sensation was intriguing. She could feel his breath on her face. Smell the rich caramel notes of the whisky he had been drinking. He was very close now. Then the moment was over and a new one began, and things would never, ever be the same.”
“Void infinite still valentine to valentine.”
“But this, I realize, is what they mean, all those thousands of writers who've tried to describe the sensation of following the trail of your life for years, only to smack into something that changes it forever.”
“You're just really fucking pretty, Nathan. It's super hard to concentrate sometimes, do you know that? Do you understand how difficult it is sometimes to focus on literally anything when you're around me looking effortlessly beautiful?”
“¿Por qué tus manos me sostienen como si quisieran cuidarme del mundo exterior, amor?”
“A love that do not witness hate is not real.”
“I don't train anyone to love me.”
“—¿Y por qué has accedido a venir? —Porque ibas tú.”
“It was a casual, domestic scene. Nothing extraordinary. Yet it triggered a longing so fierce and unexpected I had to turn away. I firmly believed people didn't need a significant other to be happy. If someone wanted to be in a relationship, great. If they didn't, also great. The same went for children, marriage, etc. There were no universal barometers for happiness. A person's life could be just as fulfilling without a romantic partner as it was with one. But there were times, like now, when I yearned to experience that kind of unconditional love. To have someone care for me through the good, the bad, and the inevitable mistakes I made. What would it be like to be loved so deeply by someone that I wouldn't have to worry about every little move possibly driving them away?”
“Forgetting you is like running away in a circle, each step away is another step towards.”
“—¡Deja de ser tan infantil! —¡¿Yo, infantil?! ¡¿Y tú qué?! —¿Quieres que me ponga infantil? ¡¡¡Pues te llamaré Jack hasta que me la devuelvas!!! —Es Ross! —Es lack! —¡Ross! —¡JACK! —¡ROSS! —¡JACK, JACK, JACK, JACK! —repetí y le saqué la lengua.”
“—Si no fuera porque está prohibido —murmuró, iría en sudadera. —Con una de Tarantino, ¿no? —O de The Smiths. —O de Pumba. —O de Mushu.”
“—¿No tenías un estreno al que asistir? —Si. —El tuyo, de hecho. —Ajá. —Y estás aquí. —Eso parece. ( ) —Espérate. —¿Esperar a qué? —Que te esperes. —¿A qué quieres que esp .? Me detuve cuando me soltó la cara y giró la pantalla de hacia mí. No había notificaciones. —¿Qué se supone que…? —¡Feliz cumpleaños, Jen!”
“I had a constant ache in my chest, a heaviness of longing for her. I found myself sleepless, lying-in bed in a dreamy conscious state throughout the night, only to fall asleep at the break of dawn out of sheer tiredness of mind.”
“We lay next to each other on the terrace watching the sky with her hand holding mine, comforting me. The next morning, she had gone before dawn.”
“I was dumbfounded by the sweet voice and the humble plea. I felt some connection between us, as if we were in a long-standing friendship.”
“Hope, love, compassion, empathy, and many names are given to the components of the lamp that burns inside us.”
“Falling in love is the easy part; taking that love and making it last a lifetime requires tenacity and prayer.”
“No Girl No pain, Know Girl Know pain.”
“I don't want to give up on him. "No! All you need is to love someone, it's not always easy, but if you really love them, you'll fight for them. Alisha was silent. She knew her best friend was right, but she was reluctant to admit it. "Hey, I heard it somewhere  love isn't always perfect, it's not a fairy tale, it's not easy." "Love is overcoming obstacles, facing challenges, fighting to be together, holding on and never letting go," Kelvis smiled sweetly as he spoke. Love is an hour, a minute, a second. It is to realize that it is worth spending. "Oh! I was preached like that." Alisha giggled softly”
“Love yourself correctly even if others fail to love you correctly.”
“You know the sensation you get when you like someone? A simple smile will turn your legs into jelly, a touch will send butterflies fluttering around in your stomach, and your heart begins to race. Your words also become a jumbled mess around them.”
“Ik hou van hem. Ik hou nog steeds van hem, en ik zal dat altijd blijven doen. Hij was een grote golf die een heleboel afdrukken op mijn leven heeft nagelaten, en tot mijn dood zal ik het gewicht van die liefde voelen. Dat heb ik aanvaard”
“Kindness is the thing I ask now To kill your longing and my wrath Don't look at me with those brown eyes My heart still lies on your behalf”
“I don’t want to be happy for you but I am. Because for all the years I heard I was too much, you heard that you weren’t enough.”
“You don’t have to be better for the one. You don’t have to be better when you’re the one. You found someone you were enough for. And despite my best efforts, I can’t hate you for that.”
“Our hearts will somehow heal Before the day is done I am the one you get Before you get the one Both of us are travelers Transients of our youth I may be just a pit stop But darling, so are you”
“No trust, no fall, thus no hurt The hover, I know so well The recoil before the touch My fear is heavenly hell”
“These foggy futures We have left unplanned Is this how it ends What we never began?”
“So wake up, my dear darling I’m broken, can’t you see? The least of what you deserve Is asking too much of me”
“You being here has exposed all the deficiencies I covered in pride, all the wounds screaming for relief, all the lack I’d learned to live without. Because now I am with… I have. My greatest fear then was having nothing. Only now that I have you that I know my greatest fear… is having something to lose.”
“To love someone just the way they are is to love them as if they were dead.”
“Do you know how much I love you, Miki?" Dai whispers softly. "Even I don't know. My love for you is endless. Deep and endless, like the sea.”
“When I approached Elva in the Hall of Mirrors, an immediate connection overcame me—a stirring in the very fabric of my gut, the sinews around my heart stretching to try and hold it from bursting.”
“Dear Daughter, Let your heart be filled with love for your God, yourself and others. A heart filled with love is a heart full of life.”
“Dear Daughter, Love others, be kind to them and pray for them. That is what humanity is all about. In doing that, do not forget yourself; for when you love yourself, you will easily love others.”
“Dear Daughter, Love yourself and take good care. Let the goodness of the Lord fill your heart.”
“—Por qué demonios vives en ese piso teniendo esta casa. Sonrió, encogiéndose de hombros. —Me gusta ese piso. —Pero  ¡aquí tienes todo esto! —Y allí te tengo a ti.”
“Luego te puedo llevar a la residencia —me dijo Ross—. Estoy empezando a asumir que soy el chico de los recados.”
“Dios, ¿cómo no me va a gustar? Es que es perfecta.”
“—Te aseguro que si hay alguna persona en el mundo que pueda llamarme "cariño" o cualquier otro apelativo cariñoso y que me guste. Eres tu Brooke.”
“Para cada Jen que intenta hacer lo correcto, que a veces se equivoca, que sigue aprendiendo, que siempre se cae, pero que nunca se queda sentada en el suelo. Este libro es para nosotras.”
“Le devolví la mirada sin saber muy bien qué decirle. —¿Por qué? —No quiero alejarme de ti. Mi voz bajó. —¿Por q ? —Porque te quiero.”
“—¿Qué te pongo? —lo miro de reojo. Parece pensarlo un momento. —Sorpréndeme. Sonrío ampliamente. —Muy bi.. —Sorpréndeme sin los Backstreet Boys —aclara enseguida. —¡lba a ponerte una canción suya! —Por eso. Ni se te ocurra.”
“—Jared, el líder del club de haters de los Backstreet Boys. —Y líder del club de fans de las fotógrafas de bodas novatas.”
“—Estúpido Jared —lee él por mí—. Sigo sin saber si debería sentirme ofendido. —Es mi mantra —murmuro. —¿Tu  qué?”
“Honey, a life without love isn’t a life worth living. Besides, you don’t get to choose whether or not you love someone. If only. How much easier would life be if we could just make that choice? Love… it doesn’t listen to reason.”
“there are only a few people in this lifetime that you can have a special connection with—don’t waste it because you’re nervous about what your friend might think. See where it goes, then broach the subject later with her if . . . let’s say this connection goes any further than tonight.”
“too many girls fail to remember one vital truth: we deserve someone who gives us one hundred percent. Half-assed effort isn’t love. If a man isn’t all in, then we need to be all out.”
“En conclusión, odio ligar con toda mi alma, pero  hay ocasiones en las que merece la pena intentarlo.”
“Me doy cuenta de que me he quedado mirándola más tiempo del necesario y me aclaro la garganta, pero  ella ha hecho exactamente lo mismo. Y se ha dado cuenta al mismo tiempo que yo.”
“Ella se tensa un poco y sus mejillas se tiñen de rojo. No puedo evitar fruncir un poco el ceño. ¿He dicho algo mal? —Brooke —dice finalmente. Brooke. Me gusta. Casi tanto como me está gustando ella. Y eso que apenas ha hablado conmigo.”
“—(…) Así que estabas en primera fila en uno de nuestros conciertos más concurridos y no sabes cómo me llamo. ¿Es normal que eso me guste? Porque me encanta.”
“No sé si es la forma en que baja la voz o el hecho de que me mire fijamente -por primera vez- al decirlo, pero no puedo evitar sonreír. ¿Cuántas veces he sonreído en una sola conversación? ¿Desde cuando yo soy tan risueño?”
“(..) No me puedo creer que me esté resultando tan complicado contenerme y simular que no estoy babeando como un idiota.”
“Every word she said was a little genuine piece of her. I wanted to collect them all.”
“Dios, es preciosa. Incluso pálida, asustada -¿por qué está asustada?- y despeinada es preciosa. Realmente no sé cómo demonios no lo sabe. O quizá solo me lo parece porque hace una eternidad que no la veo. Me da igual. La he echado de menos. Tanto que  nunca seré capaz de decírselo.”
“A broken heart tends to not want to venture out into love again.”
“No one, single individual should ever be responsible for someone else’s happiness. Your happiness is all dependent on you, no one else. Being with someone is not going to bring me happiness. Even if it’s the right person.”
“Todo pensamiento racional desaparece cuando noto que un escalofrío me recorre la espina dorsal. Y solo siento eso cuando sé que cierta persona me está mirando fijamente.”
“Because he won’t have to try to not sleep with anyone else . . . he will love me so much that the thought of sleeping with another would turn his stomach. Because that’s what love is. Putting another person above all else. Giving yourself over”
“Because he won’t have to try to not sleep with anyone else . . . he will love me so much that the thought of sleeping with another would turn his stomach. Because that’s what love is. Putting another person above all else. Giving yourself over to them completely. Trusting your heart with the woman you love.”
“But one day, you will have to give control over to someone. The only decision you have to make now is . . . Is this particular girl going to be the one you trust with your heart, or is she going to be the one who got away?”
“—¡¿No has visto El rey león?! (…) ¿lo ves? Eres un poco rarita. —Y tú un poco pesadito.”
“—Buenas noches, Ross —le dije yendo a la puerta. —Buenas noches, pequeño saltamontes.”
“—Si lo es. Yo te veo  simpático. —No quiero ser solo simpático para ti, Jen.”
“—Mushu —reflexionó en voz alta —La gente de tu clase no era muy original. —Bueno , él es rojo y yo me ponía roja  —Solo un genio podría llegar a esa conclusión. Me incorporé un poco para mirarlo con los ojos entornados. —¿Y tú eres más original poniendo apodos que ellos? -Quizá no sea más original, pero soy mejor. —Muy bien, ¿cómo me llamarías tú? —Mi novia.”
“—Todos cometemos errores, Brooke. Forma parte de nuestra naturaleza.”
“—No me extraña que te cueste tanto confiar en la gente. Si tu primer amor te trató así. —Tú eres mi primer amor.”
“I could see the pride in his eyes, directed solely at me, and for some reason it felt like I'd been waiting to see that look for my entire life”
“—Ginger, dime dónde estamos justo ahora. —Nosotros en la luna. Siempre en la luna.”
“—Cuando me tomo eso después de un episodio, no recuerdo casi nada de lo que ha pasado. Parpadeo, sin comprenderlo. Él traga saliva. —No quiero olvidarme de nada de lo que he pasado contigo, Brooke.”
“—Jared, cariño, eres un maldito acertijo digno de Indiana Jones y Lara Croft unidos. Espero una respuesta, pero veo que se limita a esbozar una sonrisa medio perpleja. —¿Y bien? —pregunto, al ver que se ha quedado en silencio. —¿Me has llamado cariño? —pregunta, divertido. —¿Eh? —el frío abandona mi cuerpo cuando me pongo roja. —Me has llamado cariño —afirma, esta vez sonriendo más.”
“—Pensé que querrías irte con tu familia. —Brooke, tú eres mi familia.”
“Durante lo que parece una eternidad, ninguno de los dos mueve un músculo. De hecho, lo único que puedo sentir es que se me llenan los ojos de lágrimas. El entreabre los labios y me repasa con la mirada, casi como si no pudiera creerse que esté aquí.”
“—¿Tienes auriculares? —Recogí los tuyos en el hotel cuando te hice la maleta. ¿Quieres escuchar música? —En realidad, quería escucharla contigo.”
“Because of you is the best reason I know.”
“You are my greatest weakness—not my true name, or my compulsion I can be put under. But you are the one I gladly carry”
“Love was pain and grief sought, accepted, endured.”
“El problema era que no podía dejar de mirarla ( ) lo efímero de aquel momento. Ginger y yo bajo la luna que se reflejaba en el agua brillante y en el destello de las luces de la ciudad. Sencillamente, hablando. Conociéndonos. Observándonos. Tocándonos sin hacerlo”
“Alargué mi mano hacia ella. —Vamos, baila conmigo. —¿Estás loco? ( ) —Si alguien nos ve haciendo el rídiculo, se olvidará dentro de cinco minutos, pero tú, en cambio, te quedarás con el recuerdo toda la vida”
“↑ top up 2 position down ↓ bottom “Alargué mi mano hacia ella. —Vamos, baila conmigo. —¿Estás loco? —Miró a su alrededor. ( ) —Si alguien nos ve haciendo el rídiculo, se olvidará dentro de cinco minutos, pero tú, en cambio, te quedarás con el recuerdo toda la vida”
“De: Rhys Baker. Para: Ginger Davies. Asunto: Felicidades, galletita”
“—Vale. No te haré esperar más. ( ) Es una canción. —¿En serio? —Me acerqué emocionada. —Sí. La he titulado Ginger. —¿Me has compuesto una canción? Rhys asintió con la cabeza y me tendió los auriculares.”
“—Hay muchos tipos de vértigo. Con eso conseguí captar su atención. —¿Y de cuál estamos hablando? —Del que te sacude antes de hacer una locura. —Ginger  —Pero no le dejé decir nada más. Me puse de puntillas. Y entonces lo besé.”
“Mientras la besaba, olvidé que estaba a más de cien metros del suelo, olvidé que me daban miedo las alturas y olvidé que se suponía que aquello no tenía que pasar.”
“No solo somos lo que hacemos, sino también lo que no hacemos. Somos lo que decimos, casi tanto como lo que callamos. Somos las preguntas que no nos atrevemos a pronunciar, en la misma medida que esas respuestas que nunca llegarán y permanecerán eternamente flotando entre remolinos de miedo e incertidumbre. Somos la sutilidad de una mirada, la intimidad de una caricia suave, la curva de una sonrisa sincera. Somos momentos bonitos, instantes agridulces, noches tristes. Somos detalles. Somos reales. Pero, por encima de todo lo demás, somos las decisiones que tomamos. En toda su dimensión. Por cada elección, damos un paso al frente y abandonamos algo en el camino. O damos un paso atrás y abandonamos algo que estaba por llegar. Avanzamos entre alternativas, seleccionando unas, rechazando otras, marcando nuestro destino. Siempre habrá algo que pierdas incluso cuando ganes, pero eso no es lo importante. Lo realmente valioso es ser capaz de tomar esa decisión, hacerlo siendo libre; apostar por un sueño, por uno mismo o por otra persona, sin dudas ni temor, solo con ganas, con pasión.”
“—Creo que sí hay diferencias entre Aegan y yo, al menos una —comentó en cuanto se detuvo en algún punto de la sala no tan cercano a mí. —Vendería un órgano para saber cuál —acepté oír. Alzó los hombros como si fuera muy obvio: —Yo no necesito estar ebrio para verte atractiva.”
“—Entonces no te sorprendas si de repente a mí se me antoja besarte, ya sabes, sin una razón.”
“—¿Nunca has besado a nadie? (…) —Nunca había besado a alguien. Fuiste la privilegiada, Hurón.”
“—Aaron (…) Es tarde, y no tienes que hacer esto. Ya me has indicado la dirección correcta. Ahora, puedes irte. —Señalé la puerta—. Gracias. Los dedos que seguía observando golpearon con gracia las teclas una vez más. —Incluve un poco de todo: eiemplos de talleres, conceptos clave para las actividades y las dinámicas de grupo, e incluso obietivos que hay que tener en cuenta. Podemos repasarlo. Nosotros. Esa palabra implicada de nuevo. —Puedo hacer esto por mi cuenta, Blackford. —Puedo ayudar.”
“—Nunca has necesitado a nadie para librar tus batallas, Catalina. Esa es una de las cosas que más respeto de ti.”
“—Siempre encuentras la manera de atraparme completamente desprevenido. Y eso no es algo que mucha gente pueda hacer.”
“—¿No deberías ir con los demás? —le pregunto en voz baja. —Debería —murmura, no muy afectado. Me detengo y lo miro, confusa. —Entonces, ¿por qué estás aquí y no con ellos? —Estoy justo donde quiero estar, Brooke.”
“—Cuando hablas de lo que te gusta, se te iluminan los ojos —dice, sonriendo de lado. Me pongo roja sin saber muy bien por qué y me encojo de hombros. —También empiezo a parlotear sin parar. —Me gusta mucho oírte hablar, Brooke.”
“—iNo ! —noto que se me encienden las mejillas—. ¿Por qué tienes que ser tan directo siempre? —Porque me gusta que te ruborices.”
“—Gracias por venir —murmuro—. Sé que tenías ensayo y  —Que le den al ensayo. Enséñame todo esto.”
“As leaders, sometimes we have to be willing to be temporarily disliked in order to be permanently loved.”
“But that's how it always is, isn't it? Someone becoming important doesn't happen all at once. They seep in. It's nature. It always takes a small seed to grow something profound.”
“That feeling just before my eyes feast on yours”
“I wanted her to keep me forever.”
“We die by loving something that the world created.”
“Defective souls have an uncanny way of finding each other. They have built-in homing beacons that light up whenever they come close to another soul whose wavelength closely matches their own. The act of coming too close will inadvertently sear them together.”
“Lovers make their own moral universe”
“Want To Do Yourself A Favor? Imagine what would happen if you loved yourself so much that you weren’t threatened by other people’s abilities, possessions, education, & looks. How would you have to act & think & feel to make this happen? Now do the World a favor & Just Do It!”
“A fantasy so fragile that all I taste is air when we kiss.”
“Force Field. The place where you are safe. You are loved. You are free!”
“If Death were to decide it wanted to take my immortal life right now, I would sell my soul for one more minute of this. I'd go to hell for just a few more seconds of heaven”
“Change is beautiful inside a kind of world made out of constant”
“My head was a stage wrapped in a curtain of black velvet, and on the stage stood a single actress, named Naomi.”
“She was everything I had ever wanted to be and so much more. What with her sparkly eyes and animated, gesticulated hands, her beautiful blonde hair cascading down gracefully like silk and her eyes so electric and cheeks the colour of rose. Vivacious and vibrant though she was in her innate talent at being able to hold a conversation with anyone, she loved and prized being alone paramount to being besieged.”
“The gravitational pull of love has a sense of urgency that cannot be rebuffed.”
“I have to believe he'll keep making it better, and that, even if he stopped, I'd still be okay.”
“Who’s gonna put that smile on your face when you’re not with me anymore?” “Nobody,” he whispered. “You ruined me for anyone else.”
“People want to love. It's more important to them than being loved.”
“Love is in the action. Not the words, not the promises; love is in the action.”
“A father's greatest gift to his children is choosing to love their mother during the worst of times, not just the best.”
“I have fallen so hard and so completely, and I promise with every ounce of strength in this body that I’ll never—never let you go." - Hamilton H. Hamilton”
“You truly are the sun — And I'll never look away from the emittance of your brilliant rays." - Demiesius Titus”
“It survives if true to itself. It lingers if real. It hopes if there is no hope. It lives beyond death.”
“What is your heart's combination?”
“When I see you, I'll know.”
“I will not settle for a diluted version of love.”
“When you say my name I hear what love is supposed to sound like.”
“I Am Not Addicted To Love, However Love Is Addicted To Me, Sex.”
“We die daily by trying to love something that the world created.”
“I hate that phrase, perfect for each other, People aren't perfect for each other. They're messy and rough-edged, they make things more complicated for each other. Hanna and I are " I take a deep breath. "We're best friends. Or we were. I thought maybe we were soul mates. And then when it turned out that we  We weren't perfect for each other, but we were definitely good for each other.”
“Some people were only meant to be a part of one aspect of your journey. If you can't take them with you into the next phase of your life, then it's ok. They have served their purpose.”
“Like, while I was with them, I was so sure it was love. But my pawpaw used to say that it's not love if it doesn't hurt when it ends”
“You are not alone. God is preparing a kheer pudding kind of a relationship, you will look at your future boy friend's eyes and he knows what you need with out saying a word.”
“The first thing I need in the morning it's you, because as I wake up I need to feed my hungry soul”
“You are a delight in the throes of passion, did you know that? I could watch you all day.”
“Something magical happens when two soulful people meet.”
“What attracted you to the other person in the past, how did that person treat you in the past, how compatible were you in the past? It's the same questions in the present, except that a physical longing for the other person is added. The desire to touch and hold and kiss. And if all of the answers make you feel like you never want to be with anyone else, then it's probably love”
“Never let your imperfections define you, for you are perfectly loved by God.”
“Every season is wonderful if we have a spring of love within us.”
“Why does this word come on your tongue? without thinking about it. If you are calling your partner "babe," then you are treating your relationship by following social trends, not your heart.”
“There is a huge difference between BEAUTIFUL HUMAN & DECORATIVE PIECE Don't make yourself the last one. just a decorative piece”
“Wear love and you will shine”
“silence kills more relations than fight”
“AN INCOMPLETE PORTRAIT OF OUR LOVE written by: Zaki Ansari An incomplete portrait of our love Relic of our relationship like a poor injured dove An incomplete portrait of our love framed with some shabby moments Hanging on my heart’s wall. Thirsty for some colors of love Which are missing at all I have painted, the shadow of your smile. I have added Some color of your hair, I drew some marks of your lips I spread shine of your eyes Tried to fill with some of our memories And with some of our dreams I Gave a touch of your laughter, and made the shape of your dimple. Decorated with the beautiful mole mole the same as you have on pretty face but many things are mismade yet, it is dark, it is fade Missing a complete part which has been made That’s You, your love, your presence And all those beautiful colors which you took with you when you left How do I complete without you? even I have lost myself without you, Yes I’m breathing, yes I’m living But that’s not life which spent without you. you are required, Your touch is needed to make complete An incomplete portrait of our love Relic of our relationship, like a poor injured dove thirsty for some colors of love Which are missing at all Maybe there is no chance to make it whole Complete or incomplete, happiness or sorrow tears or laughter, the wounds on the soul Whatever, but it’s a masterpiece of my life, that’s all into the bitter ocean of life only sweetest thing, I have known, Even it’s incomplete but it’s my own An incomplete portrait of our love Relic of our relationship like a poor injured dove”
“In this world of hatred, God is love.”
“Life without love is like a symphony without harmony, a canvas without color, a garden without fragrance.”
“God's love isn't given to us to change him; it's given so that we can change through him.”
“Though lovers be lost, love shall not”
“We men are strange beasts. Love us and we run from you. Leave us, and you’re never far from our thoughts.”
“To lovers out there … If you meet the wrong partner in a relationship. You will lose everything you have. If you meet the right partner In a relationship. You will gain everything you don’t have.”
“I was at an apsis, far from her. I didn’t even know she existed. Fate brought her into my life, and her gravity pulled me from aphelion closer and closer until I could never go away from her orbit. - GoD on IBECK”
“I'm always where love is.”
“Stay connected to all that nurtures your Soul, and release into the mystical stormy waters all that has served its place. We are here to be loved and absolutely nothing less. Go ahead and walk into the waters of your Soul knowing that the only certainty in life is in miracles. We are a miracle.”
“Your sensuality is your husband  who is playing the part of the person you think and believe you are in love with.”
“I’m not with me tonight. I’m far away from myself. I haven’t met me since the day I kissed you.”
“I used to think I couldn't go a day without your smile. Without telling you things and hearing your voice back. Then, that day arrived and it was so damn hard but the next was harder. I knew with a sinking feeling it was going to get worse, and I wasn't going to be okay for a very long time. Because losing someone isn't an occasion or an event. It doesn't just happen once. It happens over and over again. I lose you every time I pick up your favorite coffee mug; whenever that one song plays on the radio, or when I discover your old t-shirt at the bottom of my laundry pile. I lose you every time I think of kissing you, holding you, or wanting you. I go to bed at night and lose you, when I wish I could tell you about my day. And in the morning, when I wake and reach for the empty space across the sheets, I begin to lose you all over again.”
“i looked over at you, wondering how i could begin to describe you. but my smile was so consuming that all i could see were the tops of my cheeks. and the fact that you could literally blind me with happiness was a perfect representation of the kind of effect you have on people.”
“forever they say that seeing is believing and so i say: i see you in the sunsets that meet the vast ocean and disappear into the distance. i see you in the never-ending galaxies that i can only glimpse with the naked eye. i see you in the view of the treetops or the city lights that seem to stretch for an eternity. even in this fleeting life, i see you in all these wonders that remind me to believe there's such a thing as forever. ❤️”
“Because in English we have a saying: home is where the heart is. YOu have my heart, Nico. You are my home. So, if the man I love is in Paris, then there's nowhere else I'd rather be”
“Que la vida se mide en besos: los que se quedan esperando y los que se dan y son eternos.”
“I'm going to kill you," he gritted out, little more than a growl. "If you say another word about the woman I love, if you look at her, if you even think about her-I'm going to fucking kill you.”
“She had to laugh then, and he laughed because she did.”
“Multiple times he has tried writing his thoughts about Marianne down on paper in an effort to make sense of them. He's moved by a desire to describe in words exactly how she looks and speaks. Her hair and clothing. The copy of Swann's Way she reads at lunchtime in the school cafeteria, with a dark French painting on the cover and a mint-colored spine. Her long fingers turning the pages.”
“What else is loneliness but a lower smoking on a ledge near a bed that always smells of then?”
“I asked the universe to teach me how to love and I was sent you. I begged life for guidance and the light appeared as you lead. I bargained with the creator to fix my broken parts and you gave me another chance without taking a new perception of me. I pleaded with source to humble my ego and I heard raw pain in your 1st verbal warning, after my self-destruction recoiled. I cried out to the void asking for genuine love & protection and you avoided my offering of me. I demanded God to reassure me of my worth and you never looked back or returned to me.”
“I know. They never let you be famous and happy" He lifted an eyebrow. "I'll tell you a secret." "Tell me." I loved it when he was like this. "I'm going to be the first." He took my palm and held it to his. "Swear it." "Why me?" "Because you're the reason. Swear it.”
“Although she didn't know it at the time, she was already so deeply in love, there was no way out again”
“The truest form of beauty lies within us, emanating from the depths of our souls and shining through our eyes. It is not something that can be purchased or attained through physical means, but rather it is a reflection of how we feel on the inside. When we are happy, content, and at peace with ourselves, that inner beauty radiates outwards, illuminating our entire being. It is a beacon of light, drawing others in and making them feel the same sense of warmth and joy. It is in these moments that we truly radiate beauty, and we become a shining example for others to follow.”
“Ah o amor  que nasce não sei onde, vem não sei como, e dói não sei porquê.”
“To lovers out there …. When your partner is an understanding person and is not saying anything. It doesn’t mean they are fine with you not doing anything for them.You should initiate things to please them. You should initiate certain actions or gestures. Everyone loves to be taken care of. Even those who don’t ask for it. Having someone doing things to you or for you in a relationship is a must. The sentiment must be reciprocated.”
“It was frightening. Frightening, how goof this felt. How easy it would be to never stop. To let time stretch and unbend, forget about everything else, and simply stay in this moment forever.”
“We know how this ends for both of us, but I don't wanna look back on any moment thinking we straight wasted it.”
“If you think you are too far gone for God, then you don't understand how far His love goes.”
“अगर मैंने तुम्हें मुआफ़ कर दिया, तो मैं तुम्हें भूल जाऊँगा।”
“I love you, man. I want you to know that. Straight up, no bullshit. I love you. I’m just fucking crazy in love with you. Smack dab, wham, bam, thank you ma’am, fucking so in love with you. You know that, right?”
“All I know is that my life started to make sense when I met you.”
“When you are in pain and don’t know what to do - I highly recommend having some pancakes”
“Your proof of love is measured by your tireless contribution to the priorities of the one you claim you love.”
“¿De dónde vienen los celos, sino de la inseguridad de pensar que te perderé por su culpa? Pero las cosas no funcionan así , y tanto de la cantidad de gente que lo crea. Tú no eres un objeto que ha de ser conquistado y conservado, y el amor no es un recurso escaso por el que haya que pelearse. El amor puede ser infinito, tanto como sea capaz de abrirse tu corazón.”
“Kindness can save. Laughter can uplift. A word can infuse another with love. Your light can shine, for someone, the beam of the eternal dance of joy and peace.”
“The world says you will never be enough, but God calls you by your name. ”
“When someone has gifted you with one act of love after another, it’s only fair to ignore their bad moods and concentrate exclusively on the many things they’ve done for you. Acts and feelings should always prevail over moods and words.”
“When someone has gifted you with one act of love after another, it’s only fair to ignore their bad moods and concentrate exclusively on the many things they’ve done for you. Acts and feelings should always prevail over moods and words.”
“Love is a wild, complex feeling that can’t be tamed using the whip of what is right and what is not.”
“I spent a lot of time in the past year trying to work out the trick of writing a true story about love. I think I may have been coming at the whole thing a little sideways. You see, it’s awfully hard to live a true love story when you’re focusing your attention on the love story you want to write.”
“Lovers are the best and worst kind of thieves, you know. That’s the trick of love, you see. An entirely new invention, every time. Rare and singular. Without prior context. Fools us into imagining we are the only ones in the history of every last forever to have ever known such a staggering sort of homecoming. The first to have tasted this opened-handed hope, to have surrendered that hope into such serendipitous grace. Love has us believing our own fairytales of never before and never again and now and now and only this right now. That in the entirety of this wide-open world nobody else has or will experience exactly this. Not quite like us. And we are, of course, entirely right and also wholly incorrect, all at once. Language becomes inadequate here, and thus love makes plagiarists of us all—we plunder the cosmos to pirate words and music, and images that come anywhere close to capturing the complexity of this ordinary/extraordinary reality.”
“Too much love for someone gives you too much pain too.”
“It is said that there are only three things you need to be truly happy in this world: the people you love, the things you do, and the things you hope for. What if that something you do is to hope for the happiness of the person you love?”
“Tell you what? Never love someone expecting them to return your love. That doesn't happen in reality. Love is innocent and pristine; it just happens; you cannot choose whom to love. It doesn't matter if they don't love you; nonetheless, you must at least express your feelings to them in order for both of you to be happy.”
“The man of your dreams is not somebody who is handsome, talkative, attractive in words, free spirited. He is somebody who does not utter a word that he loves you. He loves you silently. He takes care of you, protects you, caresses you. He nurtures you. He treats you like a woman.”
“I'm in love with her determination and her commitment, her soft side, the way she manages to tell me exactly how she's feeling and why, no matter how uncomfortable it might make her at first. She's taught me communicating doesn't mean everything is perfect, it doesn't mean we don't disagree. It means we work through the imperfect bit together, and if we don't agree, we at least know why the other feels that way, even if it's not going to change our minds. We're still individuals, but we're individuals together, and I never knew relationships could be like this.”
“Some people are ridiculous, especially when it comes to love.”
“My only mistake was that I loved simple things too much and cared not enough for the difficult ones. (that is what maybe broke the world and myself).”
“There’s a beauty to falling. A jump. A rush. A breeze. You could be falling to your death if the ground below comes too quickly. But it’s exhilarating—the fall. So we chase it. And that’s why we fall.”
“My end is a curve of infinite love - a way of suffering while feeling deeply loved.”
“The entire world is breakable, you only feel that once you fall in love with something in it.”
“He loves me , he loves me not , we are taught to say , as we tear the flower away from its flowerness. To arrive at love , then, is to arrive through obliteration. Eviscerate me , we mean to say , and ill tell you the truth.”
“Your soulmate never makes you chase them; they might challenge your idleness and lack of initiative, but they never play games with you. You never really count who contributes more in a soulmate relationship. The giving process happens naturally and intuitively, balanced on both sides.This creates abundance and there is never any scarcity in the relationship. True love means reciprocity. Both of you recognise each other as the One. There is no perfect person, but there is a person who is perfect for you. What makes them perfect for you, apart from their wonderful qualities and their suiting personality traits, is the mere fact that they chose YOU.”
“I'm like a butterfly that you held on to too tight Who's wings you snapped before they could take flight Who's spirit you crushed because you loved to harshly And I blamed you so much for my sadness oddly When you were just afraid  too afraid to lose me”
“I'm like a butterfly that you held on to too tight Who's wings you snapped before they could take flight Who's spirit you crushed because you loved too harshly And I blamed you so much for my sadness oddly When you were just afraid  too afraid to lose me”
“You are the one who does the denying, love. Not me. There is nothing I would deny you. Nothing I wouldn't give you.”
“To spend a day inside her mind and roam throughout the fields, practice rooms, and ball pits of her imagination would be one of my exclusive Genie wishes.”
“I spun in circles, jumped on furniture, and tried not to raise my voice too much but added a lot of silly voices and emphasis. All for the woman I love, to see that glistening smile, those darling dimples that best me every time.”
“Cinta tidak boleh berhenti pada satu orang.”
“Look up to the sky my love , Blessed are the nights with clear sky, Remove all fear from your heart , We are here for a short time Let us enjoy it till the sun will rise  ”
“With ego and supremacy, we are nothing. With love and forgiveness, we are the entire universe.”
“In Love, I Don't Prefer Affairs And In Hate, I Don't Prefer Relationships.”
“Love doesn't sit in a bank account; relationships are life's true wealth.”
“Be thankful for the little things that bring joy, hope and love.”
“Love all, trust few, harm none. Live life to its fullest with kindness & respect.”
“Loving teaches us to appreciate, accept & show care. It's a powerful tool to learn & grow.”
“Love is friendship that burns brightly with passion and devotion.”
“This life is futile, what really counts is to love you show to others and the happiness you share together.”
“The love you show to others have a way of coming back to you.”
“Lot of people think that their partner change after sex or making love. But most of the time and the reality is .It is them who have changed first. After sex, they gain some type of entitlement. They develop You owe me attitude, or you need to love me more attitude. That attitude and behavior is the one that is pushing their partners away.  Not because they already got some from them. It is how they are talking, behaving, and treating their partner after lovemaking. Some are not that they have changed. It is just after sex you are monitoring them, and you start to see things that you didn’t notice before because you were not paying attention from the start. ”
“I never want to be stationary again, I will never plant roots in a person, unless I can physically feel them breaking through the dirt and implanting deep within. Leeching on to the blood supply of the human formation, while simultaneously becoming entangled in the edges of forever. I will not give permit placement of my soul to anyone that has an underdeveloped heart with a wondering eye. The roots must have nurturing soil with space to spread.”
“If I hadn't known you, I wouldn't have known love. The moment you touched my heart, it became a poet. Zaixhah, All Is Not Lost: Journey To Yourself”
“Welcome to my heart where I notice your extended stay in my head… I believe you are here to build something in me for a better me.”
“Why do I need the other half of the heart to fulfill my heart when I can stand up for myself with the only half I have”
“New Year's resolutions will only truly fulfil us when we resolve to open our hearts anew to the presence of God's everlasting love.”
“Forgetting someone you once loved: it’s like erasing something of yourself forever -freely; Being someone else for a second that will change a lifetime. You let go. You feel lost. You will live.”
“In diesem Moment verflogen die Rachegelüste aus meinen Gedanken und das Einzige, was zählte, war sie.”
“Wieder einmal erkannte ich, dass ihr freundliches Äußeres, keineswegs bedeutete, dass sie schwach war. Im Gegenteil, man bekam es mit dem Fürchten zu tun, wenn ihre liebe Seite verschwand.”
“Ich verfügte nicht über die Zeit, um uns beide in Sicherheit zu bringen und wenn ich also eine Entscheidung treffen musste, so entschied ich mich ohne Umschweife für ihn. In diesem Moment kämpfte ich nicht für die Freiheit, denn diese hatte ich bereits verloren. Ich kämpfte für die Liebe.”
“Ich kannte diesen Mann gerade mal einen Wimpernschlag meines Lebens und doch war heute Abend sein Leben, das einzige, dem Bedeutung innewohnte.”
“Vertrauen war ein schmaler Weg zwischen Enttäuschung und Verrat. Es war schwer, solch eine Verbindung einzugehen. Wenn doch, dauerte es Jahre. Doch mit ihm … mit ihm war es leicht.”
“The word love is nothing unless we make it more thank just a word and to do that, we can’t have fear because when you are in love you will truly know it damn well.”
“Being in love makes you crazy, It's not the feeling but the thoughts around it. How you behave, thinking of every single action more than one time, trying to find hidden meanings in random words or happenings. Being in love is undeniably linked to overthinking.”
“If you have a true lover who treats you well from the bottom of his heart. Slogans like "I love you" are not necessary. What matters is how he cares for you during daily life.”
“Love has neither aversion to pain nor attraction to bliss. Love is just fully itself in both.”
“Love will thrive in any environment.”
“It is tenderness that is the real you. All of the rest is just packaging.”
“But I’ve looked devil in the eye and I saw heaven I felt safe I felt home And I wonder if he was coward enough to hide beneath his demons or that I have been blind ; too blind for love that I did sing all my angels to sleep….”
“But I’ve looked devil in the eye and I saw heaven I felt safe I felt home And I wonder if he was coward enough to hide beneath his demons or that I was too blind ; too blind for love that I did sing all my angels to sleep….”
“Forgetting someone you once loved: it’s like erasing something of yourself forever -freely; Being someone else for a second that will change a lifetime. You let go. You feel lost. You will love.”
“Love your neighbor as yourself not because you benefit from them but because you care enough for others as you care for yourself.”
“For each moment I am apart from you, I will feel your presence in my heart. Let me whisper you one more time, "I Love you". My love for you is timeless and infinite, a journey without end.”
“Dear Daughter, Choose to love others, that is where true happiness lies.”
“Life without 'f' becomes a lie. That 'f' is the feeling of love and being loved.”
“Political love; Dangerous and sealed with lies. Day in and day out, I lost count of the number of crimes Against my heart from this clown. Political love; Starred with sides  Chic after chic the story never ends. Gaslights me over time and time  No ends, no cares. Only stares, silence, and sighs. Just sends sad accounts on my account. Political love; Full of fraudulent acts. Corruption to the ends of the earth. Piling cheating on top of itself. No particular choice, only thinks about himself. Does them all, married folks, young or old, girl or boy, This boy is bold.”
“Love is anything but a fairytale.”
“You deserve a gentleman that will love you for who you are and not change you to fit into his cookie mold. You deserve a man that will cherish every moment he spends with you. And your husband, my dear, is not that man.”
“I would rather we stayed as friends, than try out love just to end up as exes ”
“To lovers out there   Some people when they are looking for a partner. They are looking for someone whom they can manipulate. If they can’t manipulate you as a partner in doing what they want. You are not their soul mate or the right person to date., because guilt-trapping you to do anything they want won’t work on you.”
“Se preguntó por qué el corazón no le cabía en el pecho y los pies a penas le sostenían.”
“Y no importaba quién era yo o lo que había sucedido entre nosotros. Por primera vez en mi vida, estábamos en lados opuestos de una línea.”
“Y tú  Dios, cuando escucho tu nombre solo puedo pensar en mi canción favorita. Eres la melodía que no deja de sonar en mi cabeza, aunque trate de pensar en otra cosa.”
“No mueras por mí, ni por nadie. Vive solo por ti. Eso sí que es más romántico.”
“Morir por alguien es fácil, ¿pero vivir? No lo creo. Así que sí, he llegado a la conclusión de que yo no moriría por ti. Yo viviría por ti.”
“En general  los días grises también nos han ayudado, el gris puede parecer malo, pero es un color después de todo.”
“If humans believe in love the way they believe in rival faiths, there will be peace on earth.”
“Nu puteam sa ma gandesc atat de mult la tine fara sa te indragesc, cu tot cu defecte.”
“The man who claimed money was the root of all evil had no idea what he was talking about. Different generations, or eras, will come up with different solutions.”
“Dragostea lor nu se putea sfarsi decat in prietenie.”
“Daca te-as iubi mai putin, as putea vorbi mai mult despre asta.”
“Maybe threats and taunts and anger and violence were the only things he’d respond to. Maybe patience and love and time weren’t good for him, not to snap him out of the darkness he’d sunk in. Thinking about it, Lee couldn’t see why she hadn’t thought of it sooner: Ren and her had always been drawn to raw emotions… pain, anger, jealousy, envy, wrath, lust. They were fire, and would only respond to flame scorching their hearts, poking at the pain, tearing it out at the root.”
“They smile at me, their dimples like divots at the corners of his mouth. Something clenches tight in my chest, and I'm pretty sure men have gone to war for this.”
“In that moment, Ren realized what Kai truly was: an unstoppable tide, a vast blue ocean that was as clement as it was unforgiving - just as destructive as the wildfire Ren thought himself to be. Kai was not the fragile soul Ren had seen him as for years. Kai was dangerous as wild as himself and Lee. Ren should not have made a promise he knew, in his heart, he could not keep.”
“My beloved, we contemplate the depth of our love which is seized with pure enchanted romance, as nothing is more blissful and there is nothing more sublime and magical than our pure tenderness love.”
“everyone know about word love bite, but no one care about word love.”
“To lovers out there … There is this partner that says baby we can’t do this, my friends are here and the partner that says baby we will do this. Let me tell my friends to excuse us. There is this partner that will do anything for friends ,but not for you and the one who will do anything for you, but not friends. There is this partner that says I am sorry my partner needs me and the one who says I am sorry my friends need me. The one who makes times for friends and the one who makes times for their partner . These are two types of people when it comes to relationships. One of these makes the relationship to work and the other makes the relationship to fail. One is looking for solution and the other is looking for excuses.”
“Mm.. i see you think someone cares or pointed to baby sit you on your situations you looking shoulders to cry on it will not going to help you instead you going to be hurt more till you learn that you have to take a stand on that situation.You think that help is permanent it not will last you longer? never, come out there before it late you'll say I didn't worn you. Your friends will not cause they benefit you'll endup alone I mean they'll live you friend I tell you this cause I love you and cares about you as God does,how long you'll cry the same tears?”
“Love is like a dream, who achieves love, life becomes heaven otherwise hell”
“Never stop being nice, never get tired of being a good person whose heart is good, big and warm. I personally know that it truly sucks being taken advantage of and feeling like it's better to be cold-hearted than warm-hearted sometimes. However, I would like to also remind you that people like you are the very reason why this world has hope, so always be as good as you are, and never as bad as they are. Remember that you are the better and bigger person, don't play in the devils arena as God isn't standing in his corner.”
“Generosity can measure the depth of a true love.”
“From this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and health, until death do us part.”
“To love your spouse is to love yourself”
“A man marries a woman when she feels like home”
“We’re a pair of frogs engrossed in each other’s arms. We know nothing about the world and the world knows nothing about us either.”
“By right we arm but by love disarm”
“We often speak of love as if each of us is thinking about the same thing, but love to some is a flickering flame, while to others, it is a raging inferno.”
“There is only one power greater than fear, and that's faith. Use your faith to move the mountains that are standing in your way today!”
“If you were my girlfriend, I don’t think I’d be able to breathe right if I didn’t kiss you every chance I had.”
“It’s okay that you can’t be mine, but I cannot be anyone's but yours.”
“Love gone wrong hurts so goddamn much, but it’s nothing compared to the pain of repressing its memory.”
“Something was rattling inside me. Something about him was tearing me apart. It was a battle or even a war within. Maybe he was everything I wanted and didn't want in one person.”
“In generations to come, all thinking will be called overthinking. Everything will be left to fortune to decide, exploring the spiritual realm, thus allowing our imagination to do its job.”
“The advice to love yourself may sound beautiful to the ear, but it was the only sin committed by the first narcissist.”
“Mit jeder Pore meines Körpers begehrte ich dich von Atemzug zu Atemzug mehr, nur um festzustellen, dass meine unendliche Seele dir bereits verfallen war.”
“Manchmal würde ich gerne wissen, wo die Reise hingeht. Doch ist die Vorfreude nicht die schönste von allen und das Unwissen nicht das größte Abenteuer?”
“All paths lead to Heaven, follow your own path and leave the others in peace.”
“One of the biggest obstacles to finding real love can be hanging on to a rigid story about how it's supposed to be.”
“There is something so captivating about her, like a butterfly, she flutters about from person to person, — always leaving them to want more!”
“Avant il voulait te voir morte, maintenant il peut mourir pour toi”
“-Ți-e teamă de mine? -Nu mi-e teamă de tine. Mi-e teamă de felul în care mă faci să mă simt.”
“Te iubesc. Te-am iubit mereu. Te voi iubi mereu. Sper doar ca, în timp, să ajungi și tu să mă iubești.”
“She had to laugh at herself. She wouldn't wish love on anyone. It was the guest you welcomed and then couldn't be rid of.”
“We spring from one great tree of life so when our actions are rooted in peace and love, we all thrive. The moment that we begin to feel superior to another, our roots weaken and we start to lose our humanity. Let us not be afraid to face fear with love. Always remember that love trumps every form of hate.”
“Soulmates are friends whose spirits travel together, hearts break and mend together, and souls rise together in love acceptance and harmony.”
“My lover sees in shades of green, The good, the bad, the in between. He often speaks with his hands, Holding mine and making plans.”
“Dr. Anwar Sadat was born and raised in a family of spell casters. From generation to generations his forefathers were very much known for the kind of magic they could produce and the effects their magic could make to affect the target. Renown globally for casting fast working spells, he uses the very unique ingredients in his spells, and on top of that, he knows very well how to communicate with the spirits that give him powers to cast the spells that don’t waste time but to work straight away. You can contact Dr Anwar Sadat for inquiries and concerns about powerful spells, traditional healing, love spells, lottery spells, money spells, gambling spells, job spells, revenge spells, magic rings, and any other concerns within the spell casting +27739970300”
“Need is often dressed as love, but it is always self-concerned. Love can be dressed any old way it wants, but it will always be concerned with the good of the other.”
“Love breaks everyone’s hearts. If we are lucky, it then remakes them.”
“He was an authentic man in a sea of shallow boys.”
“When he touched my hand for the ﬁrst time, it was like a piece of my heart went to him. And I'm afraid if we keep going, he’s going to collect all the pieces.”
“Are you seriously going to kiss her for the ﬁrst time on an airplane? That has to be the most unromantic thing I’ve ever heard. Even Humphrey knew to kiss Bergman outside the plane. You need to follow the classics like Casablanca.”
“That’s not baggage. It’s not acceptable to call your illnesses baggage.”
“Apparently, it wasn't every day there was such a spectacle in the Louvre. Funny, I thought the Mona Lisa would have brought it out in them. It sure did in me.”
“Usually there was a sense of warning like I needed to ﬂee, a primal part of me always subconsciously knowing I wasn’t safe, that I did indeed need to guard myself and my emotions. But here in his arms I felt like none of those demons could reach me, like I was ﬁnally able to indulge in the warm sun after an extensive stay in the dark, cold underground.”
“He would have gladly given her anything she named, but he was completely certain all she wanted was him.”
“He looked at her, witnessing all the disbelief written across her face. He loathed what was written there. Every unspoken word struck him with an ache.”
“Soulmates don’t come to us as we expect them to. They don’t come in the package we expect, they don’t come the way we expect, and they certainly don’t come when we expect.”
“It was like I was sick with a new disorder and the diagnosis was Colin.”
“He not only completed me, but he showed me how to complete myself.”
“To know unconditional love in so many forms was to truly live.”
“I love you for reasons you'll never know anything about”
“I kept sniffing her, and I stroked her neck—like an artist would with an empty canvas and a fine brush.”
“One sleepy day and the casualness of your erotic heart plays like a tune emerging from the backdrop.”
“I could look into your eyes for the rest of my life and never get bored.”
“Mums are plants which spread their scent to love, heal and lead.”
“sometimes in life, short-lived STORIES can have life-lasting effects and MEMORIES.”
“Focus your entire energy very quietly, very softly, on awakening and realization.”
“Peace isn’t a feeling to relate to. It’s a higher quality of beingness to return to.”
“Thea, in all incarnations, wherever my soul has resided, I have loved you, am loving you, will love you. If the earth one day burns out its charge, you will find me in the ash. if the sea dries, find me in its sand. Fingers forever writing your name in ash, in sand, over and over in a love-patterned wasteland.”
“Awakening is remembering to enjoy. The more delicate the enjoyment, the greater the awakening.”
“Turn into the kind heart you are most looking for in another.”
“I’ve been giving this much thought, and I’ve concluded that the greatest blessing in life is whatever genuine love, friendship, and affection we receive. The emphasis is always on the word ‘genuine’.”
“Do not be mistaken," she said as she dressed in the blue light of morning. "You are not the man I love. You are a man I love.”
“I can see so much of him in you and you in him,” zie said tenderly, and his heart sped up. “I don’t quite know where one starts and the other ends or who has shaped who, but now you both live within me, I can see it clearly—tethered souls. Souls I now tether…but I don’t know how.”
“Worthwhile" Your Smile, Your voice, Your style, Your love, It's above. -Aron Micko H.B”
“Black women, we deserve deep and abiding love. We deserve love without having to struggle, without having to prove ourselves worthy, without having to be the "ride or die" girl. Love, loyalty and respect just because we have a beautiful soul.”
“To lovers out there … It is sad to see relationships ending because of personal problems and not because of relationship problems.”
“Lail, kamu tahu kenapa kita mengenang banyak hal saat hujan turun?" "Karena kenangan sama seperti hujan. Ketika dia datang, kita tidak bisa menghentikannya. Bagaimana kita akan menghentikan tetes air yang turun dari langit? Hanya bisa ditunggu, hingga selesai dengan sendirinya".”
“Ada orang-orang yang kemungkinan sebaiknya cukup menetap dalam hati kita saja, tapi tidak bisa tinggal dalam hidup kita. Maka, biarlah begitu adanya, biar menetap di hati, diterima dengan lapang. Toh dunia ini selalu ada misteri yang tidak bisa di jelaskan. Menerimanya dengan baik justru membawa kedamaian.”
“Bagian terbaik dari jatuh cinta adalah perasaan itu sendiri. Kamu pernah merasakan rasa sukanya, sesuatu yang sulit dilukiskan kuas sang pelukis, sulit disulam menjadi puisi oleh pujangga, tidak bisa dijelaskan oleh mesin paling canggih sekalipun. Bagian terbaik dari jatuh cinta bukan tentang memiliki. Jadi, kenapa kamu sakit hati setelahnya? Kecewa? Marah? Benci? Cemburu? Jangan-jangan karena kamu tidak perna paham betapa indahnya jatuh cinta.”
“I Always Listen to my heart! And my heart is always right !!! #chooselove #warvspeace”
“Dear Windy, I saw you once but seems like we met in the decade twice. I feel comfortable thrice. Mere memories almost four times. I didn't recognize your presence for the fifth time. Long days waiting for the sixth time. Heaven knows of the seven times. Wise decision to the eight times, if destiny awaits. P.S. -Aron Micko 10/26/2022”
“Maybe there is no right time to say how you feel, how you think you feel. Is there a difference?”
“Loving a woman correctly is a lifetime learning experience.”
“A man who is good to animals," she observed, coldly, "is a man you can trust to be good to animals. Nothing more.”
“LovE VaSHiKaRaN SepciALiSt Baba ji in Gujarat Fast Solution Best Muslim Astrologer In India, America, London, Australia, England, Malaysia, Kuwait, Hyderabad Hissar Karnal Ambala Gurgaon Faridabad Bikaner AjmerHusband/wife love vashikaran specialist Molvi Baba ji Mumbai Pune Delhi Lucknow Jalandhar Chennai kolkata Jaipur Aurangabad Hyderabad Batala Hissar Karnal Ambala Gurgaon Faridabad Bikaner Ajmer Chandigarh Ludhiana `Amritsar +91-7073375577”
“For three to one" Kids believe in magic. Adults waiting for hope. Olds appreciate the blessing. -Aron Micko H.B”
“I believe LOVE lies in the simplest things. It lies in the very things we do, not even realizing we are doing it.”
“Consider you are lucky if you have a love for things, not humans. They don't complain, and you can't expect anything back. If at all something happens, you can repair or replace them. Your heart never bleeds.”
“Your life belongs to what you have awakened to.”
“Soul and body Different souls walk in this world. Souls are dressed in bodies so that nobody could see the souls naked. Coloured souls cannot be mixed with each other. It is a lone walk along the road of life. People mix their bodies. It is easy. It gives the hope of understanding. But lone souls walk in the world.”
“Each peaceful breath is a petal opening on the bud of humanity, a bloom on the flower of life.”
“The reason that I'm still alive is because I'm narcissistic enough to think my soulmate would break apart if they do not find me in their lifetime.”
“Stay. If he loves you he'll wait. I did. I have.”
“Sometimes obvious answers can hurt people.”
“I understand that the person who gets the Death-Cast call isn’t the only one dying. If you really hold someone in your heart, you die too.”
“In ancient times, when the world was cold, prosperous, and flourishing, it was a birthing place for our people. Newly married couples traveled to the cove, spending their first days as husband and wife. It is where love began.”
“Whatever love asks of you must be given, no matter the price. And I’d gladly give what love asked of me a thousand times over. Even if I had to do it every day until the end of eternity, I’d slice open my own veins with a razor blade and happily bleed myself dry.”
“Self-love is always mutual.”
“When autumn comes, we do not want it to go, but then we will be doing an injustice to winter, spring and summer! Excess in love and exaggeration in love creates other injustices!”
“He who has love in his heart and life in his soul, cannot be disappointed.”
“The end goal of all types of a love relationship is to have a similar and satisfying relationship.”
“In a relationship, love means more than a physical connection.”
“The intensity of love and relationship can also vary over time. It can be accompanied by negative feelings such as jealousy and stress.”
“A person may feel love and desire for another person in a variety of ways.”
“I want to chase you, find you. I want to be eluded and teased and adored; I want to be defeated and victorious - I want you to cut me, sharpen me. I want to drink tea beside you in ten years or a thousand. Flowers grow far away on a planet they'll call Cephalus, and these flowers bloom once a century, when the living star and its black-hole binary enter conjunction. I want to fix you a bouquet of them, gathered across eight hundred thousand years, so you can draw our whole engagement in a single breath, all the ages we've shaped together.”
“To lovers out there … It is sad that most relationships are driven by guilt and not driven by passion. You find your partner is being sweet, caring, and doing things for you because they are feeling guilty about something they are doing behind your back.”
“Somehow, they’d started a forest fire between them, and if they weren’t careful, it was going to burn them both up.”
“You can choose how to answer your needs or your feelings but you cannot choose how to feel it”
“LOVE IS THE STRONGEST FORCE, EVEN WHEN YOU POSSESS EVERYTHING, AND EVEN WHEN YOU DON'T POSSESS ANYTHING.”
“If love is a question mark then the life will be !!”
“I write short stories because I am one. I wish I was a novel. Breaths away from midnight, I know my final chapter is close. I look up at valentino, wondering what life could have offered if I had more pages in me.”
“I don’t believe much in love. It’s overrated if you ask me, and too many people think it’s the cure for everything wrong in their lives”
“The love is eternal when you love only yourself.”
“And I've been waiting for you, Mercy, ever since my Father told me about a love that could slay dragons.”
“If you’ve Fallen in love with trees I know your heart”
“To lovers out there …. Statistics show that most or the majority of people are been murdered by their partners or lovers. Either out of jealousy, revenge, anger, or money. Be careful whom you choose to date or marry. Even if it is for time being or nothing serious. Even if they are means to an end. You might be choosing your murder.”
“It's astonishing what you'll accept when you want love. When you need it. You'll welcome it in any form, from anyone, anything, regardless of circumstance, however peculiar. However fantastical.”
“Don't worry, God has a plan.”
“Let everything that has breath, be a praiser!”
“I was raised to give praise!”
“I am God's very own possession. I stood against sin.”
“Loving unconditionally doesn't make you a fool, it makes you a superior being who is capable of showing love to others.”
“Only after experiencing pain can we enjoy pleasure and derive happiness from it.”
“Love is real, but fear is a shadow game in the mind that's actually surreal.”
“There is a dark soul I hide as my possession; A riddled rose with Purple petals!”
“You don’t have to be perfect to be loved by me. That’s not how this love works. I don’t only love you on the good days. I love you on the hard ones, too. Be broken, be raw, be damaged. And still, I’ll stay.”
“You can fall in love someone will catch you.'' ”
“In her anniversary card, Daisy wrote: If they say we don't exist, that they can't see us anywhere except rotten corners, in perverse bodies, how come I can see you and hold you and you're holy; how come I can love you and home you and you're there, in flesh, in my mind, in my blood; how come I keep waking up in this love and feel rested? What else to do now then, when a love like this finds you? What else but praise? What else but dance?”
“Because art is like love. It goes feral if you keep it to yourself. Art is made to be given away, otherwise, it just rots.”
“No matter the effort or the price, no matter how hard one tries to escape the time or the place, ultimately nobody can escape love - or fate!”
“Maybe we'll meet each other in the next life, and maybe next time we'll do it right.”
“Sometimes you find forever in a kiss, and that's when you discover magic exists.”
“Only entrepreneurs have a passion and a purpose, both combined, in the world of work.”
“To lovers out there …. If you tell on your partner after a breakup , separation or when you are angry. If you are the one spilling the beans. Shaming the other person. Exposing secrets and faults. Talking about confidential things they trusted you with. Just know you are not as good as you think you are. You are the one who is evil, abusive, and toxic. For instant, here you are in public abusing their trust. You only pretend to be a good person when you are benefiting. Every person you are not benefiting from, are bad people to you and you must destroy them or shame them. For a person who has conditional love. Know that two wrongs don’t make one right.”
“Love is a choice, including to love God. It is an exercise of will. As we will to work to support our families, as we will to go for a workout or study for a test. Love is more than a feeling it takes effort and action on our own part to exist.”
“Sometimes all you have to do is feel, flow and free your heart for unlimited flight.”
“True love is not an emotion, its beyond all emotions.”
“Not to fear for love is a growth for the soul, to know that there are no limitations or taboos to develop feelings for someone, regardless of genitalia, only to feel and not condemn oneself. Enjoy life as a nest of opportunities.”
“To lovers out there … When you are with the wrong person for you. You will end up feeling guilty and wrong for doing the right things. You will be afraid, being yourself around them.”
“LOVING GOD PREVENTS YOU FROM HATING OTHERS”
“THERE IS NO SECOND CHANCE, FOR LOVE, BUT THERE IS ALWAYS A SECOND CHANCE, TO LOVE”
“LIFE AND LOVE, ARE AGELESS”
“Live and Love Life, That's it, That's all.”
“But sometimes what we think is important to remember is better left forgotten because the more we smile at the thought of forgotten memories, the more we allow ourselves to become stuck in the process of letting go and everything in between.”
“Our bitter-sweet memories still make me smile. —too sweet to hate; —too priceless not to remember.”
“TRUE LOVE STANDS, EVEN WHEN YOU'RE IN LIFE SUPPORT”
“Marriage—a time machine for aliens from different dimensions inhabiting a home—the ship they travel—and each met strangers with the same face at the same dinner table and falling in love together again, and again,  ”
“Poets are often those who build their own universe,”
“To lovers out there … Ignoring someone for too long. It is teaching them how to live, cope, survive and be happy without you. Absenteeism creates new opportunities for those who want to be present.”
“Loving people who don’t give a damn about you and your wellbeing is foolish and nothing but a waste of precious emotion.”
“Real love is undeniably powerful… Only a fool would take advantage of something that so many people yearn for. To be genuinely loved, appreciated, respected, and desired… PRICELESS!”
“Allowing someone in your life means that you give them permission to hurt you.”
“The Beginning of Change Always start with a glimpse of hope”
“The biggest hypocrites are those who cry to receive the love they never give”
“Sometimes people don't know they're in love until they're not.”
“He came back from France when Tom and Daisy were still on their wedding trip, and made a miserable but irresistible journey to Louisville on the last of his army pay. He stayed there a week, walking the streets where their footsteps had clicked together through the November night and revisiting the out-of-the-way places to which they had driven in her white car. Just as Daisy's house had always seemed to him more mysterious and gay than other houses so his idea of the city itself, even though she was gone from it, was pervaded with a melancholy beauty. He left feeling that if he had searched harder he might have found her—that he was leaving her behind. The day-coach—he was penniless now—was hot. He went out to the open vestibule and sat down on a folding-chair, and the station slid away and the backs of unfamiliar buildings moved by. Then out into the spring fields, where a yellow trolley raced them for a minute with people in it who might once have seen the pale magic of her face along the casual street. The track curved and now it was going away from the sun which, as it sank lower, seemed to spread itself in benediction over the vanishing city where she had drawn her breath. He stretched out his hand desperately as if to snatch only a wisp of air, to save a fragment of the spot that she had made lovely for him. But it was all going by too fast now for his blurred eyes and he knew that he had lost that part of it, the freshest and the best, forever.”
“Diversity is the mix. Inclusion is how work the mix”
“Time with you has become my most precious currency. This love is our love, and oh, how priceless it is to have my heart and your heart at this very intersection of both time and space.”
“Love on the rebound is always suspect. Perhaps because, on the rebound, passion may not have the projectile capacity of the first bounce.”
“Isn't love beautiful? It drives sane people insane!”
“Nothing stays hidden forever, truth and lies will be revealed.”
“Transformation is the oldest religion of every generation.”
“Many are admired without gaining affection, but only a few are deeply loved. Therefore, don't let popularity overwhelm you.”
“You deserve someone who loves you on your worst days just as much as your greatest days."
“The world is a Canvas and Love is the right Brush”
“Love has many colors, many flavors and many smells  Feel it with your heart”
“Ein Traum war ein Traum. Träumen konnte man nicht verbieten und ein Sprichwort sagte: Schütze dein Herz, dann träumt es sich leichter. Vielleicht war gerade dies der Grund, weshalb sich meine Gefühle mit der Zeit verändert hatten und ich mir unsicher war, wie sich die Sache zwischen ihm und mir definieren ließ.”
“You only know you're in love when you've been possessed by the ghost of poetry.”
“The only endless pleasure in the world is to love and be loved back.”
“Why do some people continue loving, even those who suffocate them?”
“You are special, I will love you always".”
“He folded his fear into a perfect rose  She took it from him, and put it in her hair.”
“You say you love the rain but you open your umbrella. You say you love the sun but you find a shadow spot. You say you love the wind but you close your windows. This is why I'm afraid when you say you love me.”
“When a wife tells her husband, he sucks in bed, it’s undeniable he will obtain a second opinion.”
“Emito ee samayam nuvvu na daggara lekundane mundekellipotondi”
“I didn't expect this day was like this. I should be there with u now but I can't n just d thing I can only do is praying god to keep u happy n healthy my love. Every year, I used to wish u a happy birthday at 12 am. But, I lost that chance today. Anyways I wish my sweet heart always be active like deer, lovable like dog, cute like our babies, clever like fox, daring like lion, pure like dove, handsome like harry potter, creative like dolphin, romantic like love birds, being with me like my heart. Ur gonna be such responsible n challenging husband in our life. I wish all the happiness, joy n love to u. We will travel with what we face struggles or sufferings whatever it may be, But only together I promise u. This promise is d the only one gift I can give u many more times throughout our life my dear platinum. Finally, my words are waiting to wish u a many more happy returns of the day”
“The days on earth are numbered; so life is too short to wake up in the morning with penitence. So, cherish the people who treat you right and ignore the ones who do not.”
“Ich möchte endliche ein Zuhause haben. Und das kann nur ein Ort sein, an dem ich dich finde.”
“Love is your advantage. Forgiveness is your secret weapon. Spare no man, use it!”
“Try to fix someone you love and you're likely to break them worse  fix yourself first.”
“To lovers out there … Study your partner. What makes relationships hard is people are staying together or dating for a long time, without knowing each other. They don’t even bother to get to know each other. How then will they be able to please, satisfy or help each other?”
“Some people will only appreciate your love when you finally let go and don’t allow them to take your love for granted anymore!”
“She wasn't looking for a man that nobly beat his chest and proclaimed, "I would die for you!", in fact, she wasn't looking for anyone. She was content in waiting for a man that said, "l will live for you", then proved it. One is a once in a lifetime event. The other is a lifetime event”
“A raindrop glistened on a lump in his earlobe. Autumn lurked her tongue out and caressed it impishly.”
“Love. Just because it wasn't right one time, or two, or three, or more, doesn't mean you shouldn't fall in love. Love. The people, the oceans, the world. Love. Beyond all your meanings of love. Love.”
“ Love is a verb—it's an action. Can you tell me what he did to show you he loved you? Anyone can say the words, but they need to prove it.”
“His affection, his words, his belief were just  too much. They were too everything. And I was so greedy, I needed them. I needed them like I needed to breath.”
“You have made me whole and complete, fixed a brokenness I didn't think possible.”
“love is of the body; not the body but of the body. Ah! the misery that would be saved if we confessed that! Ah! for a little directness to liberate the soul!”
“love is of the body; not the body, but of the body. Ah! the misery that would be saved if we confessed that! Ah! for a little directness to liberate the soul!”
“Love follows you. It goes where you go. It doesn't know about social divides or distance or common sense. It doesn't even stop when the person you love dies. It does what it wants.”
“Often, we fabricate the people we love to make loving them more palatable; the fictionalized version of them reduces the awareness of truth.”
“And when I say I love you, I mean that I will see the ugliest parts of you, and I will still love you enough to know that is not who you are. That is only what you have to survive.”
“ഞാൻ അവളെ വെയിൽ വെളിച്ചത്തിന്റെ ഉടുപുടവ അണിയിച്ചു. പൂക്കളുടെ സൗന്ദര്യവും സുഗന്ധവും കൊടുത്തു. ആകാശനീലിമയിലൂടെയും വനാന്തരംഗത്തിലെ ഹരിതദലമർമ്മരങ്ങളിലൂടെയും അവളുമായി സംവദിച്ചു. കിളികൾ എന്റെ പ്രണയഗാനം പാടിക്കേൾപ്പിച്ചു. എന്നിട്ടും അവൾ അറിഞ്ഞില്ല! ആഴക്കടലിനേക്കാൾ അഗാധമായിരുന്നു എന്റെ പ്രണയം. ഏറ്റവും വലിയ മോഹത്തെക്കാൾ വലിയതായിരുന്നു എന്റെ ഇഷ്ടം.”
“Did you wake up and see someone you loved? Isn't that enough, to love and be loved?”
“Don't just surround yourself with love. Give love. Feel love. Spread love. Be love.”
“Love is like a fart If you have to force it … its probably shit ”
“When in love with someone, they must be your priority and paramount concern in life; and there should always be reciprocation; any other scenario creates a relationship molded with anxiety.”
“With the ladder of intellect, one cannot reach the door of love.”
“And without realizing it, I have become what he needs, not what I need, and now I'm in love with him [and] I'm not his beloved.”
“Es gibt Menschen die in ihren Herzen so kalt sind, dass sie Dörfer niederbrennen nur wegen der Wärme.”
“We didn’t know how to be horrible to each other. But looking back, not even knowing how to be horrible to each other—that unawareness—was the most horrible part.We had been politely covering each other’s eyes. In the end, I took my hand off his eyes first, and we split up cleanly. That farewell proved there was no love left between us because the last moment of lovers was never supposed to be so clean. We had simply moved from one dot to another.”
“Fiery passion and intimacy are never sustained without deep love; the kind of love that makes your skin tingle when you smell her hair.”
“I feel love, but I also feel our history, years and years of choosing him, the good, the bad, highs and lows. Choosing to love. Not despite the flaws. Because of them. Because the mistakes prove we were together long enough to make them.”
“”
“Some will touch your heart; some will touch your soul. If you are ever fortunate enough to have someone that touches both, you would be a fool to let them go!”
“Veracious love is not coming together of two souls, but it is one incomplete soul finding its other half to live a complete life.”
“Hearts are as fragile as glass. They break into a million pieces. If you are afraid of falling, then you shouldn’t sit too close to the edge because there could be someone waiting for you to fall into a trap!”
“Singing those songs together with a car full of friends to humming the same ones alone in my car - I’ve seen the world turn around and I terribly miss those days.”
“Remember when your heart is empty, don’t fill it with lies and deception.”
“An empty heart eats lies.”
“Loving yourself is one of the most essential things you can do in life since it has an impact on the things you attract into your life. Every decision you make will be influenced by that.”
“And that was when he realised that Daphne had been right. His love hadn't been a thunderbolt from the sky. It had started with a smile, a word, a teasing glance. Every second he had spent in her presence it had grown, until he'd reached this moment, and he suddenly knew.”
“One day a ship comes to your port. You do not ask why you came, where did you come from, how did you come, will you stay in the port because it is the ship you are waiting for, it is the ship that has come for you; it's like you've known the ship for years!”
“It was never worth worrying about someone you didn’t love. And it wasn’t love if you didn’t worry.”
“Beyond life, beyond death. My love for thee is eternal." "That's beautiful. Was that in the letter?" "No. It's how I feel about you." I swore my heart stuttered a moment”
“Love is the choice of creating sandcastles even if you knew it'll be washed away by the sea. It's the pursuit of building something so fragile because it makes you genuinely happy.”
“Because falling in love with a girl who feared nothing in this world had left her ready to love a boy whose heart had been broken before she ever touched him.”
“Maybe this is selfish, but I don’t want to love more than I am loved. And I don’t want to be with someone who loves something or someone more than me.”
“Atleast once in a Lifetime, you realise LOVE is the most adorable thing❤”
“Everyone is hungry, hungry to be loved by others! And if you can manage to get rid of such weak psychology, you will see that you are a strong person, not a weak beggar of love!”
“The price of a successful relationship is devotion. Devotion is, essentially, commitment to something we value. What are we devoted to? Surely not what another person wants. I think most people would agree that being devoted to that would be problematic even with the best of people. So, what exactly are we devoted to? We are devoted to the well-being of another person. And we are devoted to the well-being of the relationship. We honour the other person’s value and the relationship’s worth. ”
“To lovers out there … There are people, who are focused on pleasing their partner in a relationship and there are those who are focused on pleasing strangers, social media, congregation, family, and friends about their relationship. That difference Is felt or experienced by their partner.”
“Why do some people come into our life just out of nowhere, though for a brief moment, they still manage to change our whole life? They force us to ponder and see life, the world from a different perspective. They force us to see the light and the goodness in midst of all the darkness. They put themselves so close to our soul that even when they leave they are not truly gone. What is love? Why do we love? What is friendship? Above all, what is family? What does it feel to have/ sustain a family? Why do some people have everything in the life they want and need to survive, all their desires while others barely have anything they want and need to survive? But why do the others still manage to survive in midst of all this darkness, cruelty, pain, and suffering? Why do darkness, pain, and suffering are their only true companion? Though they live in the dark, their soul can still see the light. Why do they still manage to have that hope and courage? Why don’t they give up on dreaming? Why do they still hope and dream? Based on what eternal infinite enchanted mystifying force they never cease to exist? --- Perhaps the sanctified love and faith. This journey carries all the answers. I hope this journey will change your life. I hope it will make you see things from a different perspective. I hope it will make you ponder. I know it will- I have hope. It can change your life. It can. You just have to have that faith. Just believe and keep believing. AS IT DID MINE.”
“बहुत ख़ूबसूरत है साथ तुम्हारा कभी जाने की जल्दी छोड़कर बैठा करो घड़ी, दो – घड़ी बेफिक्री में साथ मेरे सुनो आज वक़्त को जाने दो तुम ठहर जाओ।”
“तेज़ बहता दरिया है जो बहाव में अपने संग ले जाने को आमादा है या एक सहरा जहाँ पानी की तलाश में भटकना होगा जो भी है ये ईश्क़ है।”
“There is no one like you. I am so glad you exist.”
“My darling, you are not weak for wearing your heart on your sleeve. In fact, there is nothing stronger than that. In a world full of people keeping themselves walled off so they may play it safe, play the field, play it cool. To love with the tenacious passion and fierce vulnerability of a lion is the brave thing to do. Let them hear you roar.”
“Live large. Dare to take up space. Be relentless in the pursuit of what truly lights you up. Take risks and stay open. Love yourself enough to know when to walk away. Love yourself enough to believe with every fiber of your being that there is something better for you out there, that there is someone who will accept every part of you no matter how bad or good or ugly or beautiful. They will see your inherent value shining right out of you and they will treasure you, they will uplift you, they will protect you, they will love you well. You are worth that. Don’t forget it.”
“My love for you, is unconditional love, you are the love of my life".”
“Acceptance and Self-love allow us to honour ourselves and embrace our story with forgiveness and compassion. Only then do we become free!”
“You are the bank, Where I wanna open an FD, By investing all my, Love, Care, Time, Support, Respect and Lust, For the lifetime.”
“The world sang out all its songs to me. But yet I’m not satisfied. I want to hear more. I want to hear your song.”
“One, who vacillates between you and another person, cannot make a decision; therefore, this places the decision-making process in your hands.”
“Sungguh nyata; melewati satu detik ketika bersamamu seolah lebih dari seratus tahun bahagia di sisimu. Dan melewati satu detik ketika tanpamu, seolah lebih dari seratus tahun kehilanganmu. Nyatanya, semua lebih dari satu detik bersamamu dan tanpamu.”
“i wish i had loved you less, so i can talk about it more”
“Moon And sun This two remind me of you Only two From countless ”
“To see love we gotta be love.”
“She had become a seasoned purveyor of mythological stories and anecdotes, entwined to convince herself the fairytales were truth. And somehow sketched herself for others believe she was the victim.”
“സ്നേഹത്തിൽ ഭയം പാടില്ല. സ്നേഹം ലഭിക്കുന്ന ഇടങ്ങളെ ഉപേക്ഷിക്കരുത്. എല്ലാ കാലവും അത് ലഭിച്ചെന്നുവരില്ല. ലഭിക്കുന്ന കാലത്തോളം ഇരു കൈയും നീട്ടി അതിനെ സ്വീകരിക്കുക.”
“You deserve a love that sees you. Not someone who just looks at you—someone who really, honestly, sincerely sees who you are. We walk around wearing masks to protect us from being hurt, when deep down, all we want is for someone to see beyond the façade and into our hearts. Someone who recognizes that true beauty lives not on the outside, but within us. Someone who acknowledges that we are imperfect, but appreciates our flaws anyways. Someone who knows they have the choice to leave at any time, but still wakes up every morning and decides to stay. You deserve a love that wouldn’t risk letting you get away.”
“Jangan bertanya apa mau ku, cukup pahami bagaimana luka kaki ku. Jatuh berkali-kali namun tak pernah benar-benar patah,.”
“καὶ ποθήω καὶ μάομαι”
“ἦλθες, ἔγω δέ σ᾿ ἐμαιόμαν, ὂν δ᾿ ἔψυξας ἔμαν φρένα καιομέναν πόθῳ.”
“I don't care that you don't love me," he continued quietly. "I love you enough for the both of us.”
“Even in its first faint traces, love could alter a landscape. It wrote unimagined stories and made the most beautiful, forbidding places. Love grew such strange things.”
“When I touch you softly and feel you react, I am pretty afraid to continue. We can create such perfect moments, and I am entirely yours. Perfection is rare in this fast food, work-a-day world, and I am afraid to lose something so beautiful and perfect. However, when you start kissing back, accepting, I know how God must have felt after he had created Eve for Adam. You are my life, my soul, and my Garden.”
“Allow yourselves to gently fall apart. You've given your all. And now it's time to let it all go.”
“Her Smile, An Art that my heart possessed in its deepest part.”
“The world is a cruel place, filled with terrors that would frighten a madman and cold to make frostbite seem inviting, but no matter the obstacle or terror that I face, I KNOW that YOU ARE THERE! And that simple fact makes it possible for me to battle monsters!”
“You have so much love in your heart. Love yourself because you deserve the love that you give others.”
“There has never been a beginning or ending ever since our souls met. -For my Future Love; Letters”
“To lovers out there … You can’t put your friends first, when you have a partner and when you are In a relationship. Marriages and relationships end when more than 2 people have a say in the relationship or marriage. Some even extort, sacrifice, undermine, ridicule, mock, disrespect, and humiliate their partners in the relationship so that their friends can benefit or have a laugh.”
“It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous, that you realise just how much you love them!”
“To lovers out there … People who have options or who think they have a lot of options to choose from when It comes to partners in a relationship. Usually don’t care. They won’t be bothered about you, how you are feeling or how are you doing. They don’t care if this relationship is working or not. Won’t try to resolve things or try to make means. Especially when they know they are your only option.”
“The girl who was in love with you is gone. And the man she was in love with never existed.”
“Love? Was that what it was? Willingly forgiving another? Accepting them as they were? While also wanting to kiss them until you were both breathless?”
“Love attracts more love or only great things. Love tame hearts and transform them so that they become generous.”
“I've lost count of those Father's and Mother's Days. In short, you don't need a schedule to express your love to your parents. Love them while they're still alive.”
“Nach unserer Wiedergeburt werde ich jede verdammte Welt nach dir absuchen.”
“Leb das Leben, das du verdienst, Val. Lebe für uns beide. Lebe und schaue nie zurück.”
“Sometimes your mind fits the person in your perspective, sometimes your heart takes a bit longer, but when both combine, your feelings for your partner are all over the place.”
“A good definition of love," he said good-humoredly. "If we talk to each other we can find each other.”
“An excellent wife is a crown of her husband.”
“He had been left broken and wounded—and the wounds had never healed. She pitied him, yes. But more than that. Her heart ached for him in every sense. She leaned forward and tried to tell him so with her lips.”
“People wish for love that doesn't exist.”
“I write the devil letters full of love. But I never get any response.”
“Writing love letters to the devil.”
“To love is much easier than to despair, even when all of your hope has been burned to ashes.”
“Loving you was my choice still you are heard in my voice".”
“Ο έρωτας σου πάει πολύ να ξέρεις…”
“You loved me for me, no matter who that was. You fought for me. You almost died for me. My heart was yours from the moment I met you. I gave it, freely, never expecting to receive yours in return. Now I ask you to be my husband, for I am desperate to be your beloved wife. With the two of us bound together as one, we will never lack for joy. We will take on any sorrow, any challenge, and face it together. I love you, Linden Chevalier. Have I said that already?”
“I knew I would remember him. I would feel his absence even after death, would ache for him to be near me in a way he could never be again.”
“Героят в Йордан мигом се обади. Той се спусна бързо и я улови в сигурните си обятия. От лекия трус косата ѝ се полюшна магически и Дан усети копринения ѝ допир и омаен аромат на жасмин: – Хванах Ви! – каза той с кадифения си глас, взря се в очите ѝ и сякаш я смрази. Сърцето на Наталия се разтуптя. Страните ѝ се заляха с руменина, а умът ѝ тотално отлетя. Алените ѝ устни трепнаха непокорно, и тя остана безмълвна. Този смут и вълнение накараха Дан също да се усмихне вътрешно, външно обаче запази обичайния си сериозен вид: – Простете, че прекъсвам така вдъхновения Ви танц… – демонстративно се покашля той – но мисля, че сте сбъркали мястото! – с осезаема ирония каза Паришев и я изгледа някак от високо и подозрително. Дребничката брюнетка си пое дълбоко дъх и пристъпи крачка напред: – Напротив! – възрази му дръзко тя, вече дошла на себе си, и му подари бляскава усмивка. – На точното място съм!”
“Your decision to say goodbye will end our story. But it will never erase me from your memory.”
“there's this peace that comes with knowing you have a person in the world who would do anything for you, that you would do anything for”
“Physical attraction can only maintain a relationship for so long.” He scanned the clouds for thoughts, “But like how the moon and earth are in an eternal dance with each other, there must be another force holding them together, something not visible to our eyes. Likewise, two individuals must be mentally and emotionally attracted and in equal understanding of each other in order for their gravity to hold them together. - Royal Matchmaking Competition: Princess Qloey”
“LOVE frees and conquers all.”
“You cannot force love, to force love is to ruin it.”
“I grieve to leave: I love this place-I love it, because I have lived in it a full and delightful life,- momentarily at least. I have not been trampled on. I have not been petrified. I have not been buried with inferior minds, and excluded from every glimpse of communion with what is bright and energetic and high. I have talked, face to face, with what I reverence, with what I delight in,- with an original, a vigorous, an expanded mind. I have known you; and it strikes me with terror and anguish to feel I absolutely must be torn from you for ever. I see the necessity of departure; and it is like looking in the necessity of death.”
“Never," said he, as he ground his teeth, "never was anything at once so frail and so indomitable. A mere reed she feels in my hand!" (And he shook me with the force of his hold.) "I could bend her with my finger and thumb: and what good would it do if I bent, if I uptore, if I crushed her? Consider that eye: consider the resolute, wild, free thing looking out of it, defying me, with more than courage- with a stern triumph. Whatever I do with it's cage, I cannot get at it-the savage, beautiful creature! If I tear, if I rend the slight prison, my outrage will only let the captive loose. Conquered I might be of the house; but the inmate would escape to heaven before I could call myself possessor of its clay-dwelling place. And it is you, spirit, with will and energy, and virtue and purity-that I want: not alone your brittle frame. Of yourself you could come with soft flight and nestle against my heart, if you would: seized against your will, you will elide the grasp like an essence-you will vanish ere I inhale your fragrance.”
“He is not to them what he is to me," I thought: "he is not of their kind. I believe he is of mine; -I am sure he is-I feel akin to him-| understand the language of his countenance and movements: though rank and wealth sever us widely, I have something in my brain and heart, in my blood and nerves, that assimilates me mentally to him. Did I say, a few days since, that I had nothing to do with him but to receive my salary at his hands? Did I forbid myself to think of him in any other light than as a paymaster? Blasphemy against nature! Every good, true, vigorous feeling I have gathers impulsively round him. I know I must conceal my sentiments: I must smother hope; I must remember that he cannot care much for me. For when I say that I am of his kind, I do not mean that I have his force to influence, and his spell to attract; I mean only that I have certain tastes and feelings in common with him. I must, then "repeat continually that we are for ever sundered:-and yet, while I breathe and think, I must love him.”
“If you wish me to love you, could you but see how much I do love you, you would be proud and content. All my heart is yours: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence for ever.”
“Some days since: a singular mood came over me: one in which grief replaced frenzy-sorrow, sullenness. I longed for thee! I longed for thee both with soul and flesh! I asked of G-d, at once in anguish and humility, if I had not been long enough desolate, afflicted, tormented; and might not soon taste bliss and peace once more. That I merited all I endured, I pleaded; and the alpha and omega of my heart's wishes broke involuntarily from my lips in the words- "Jane! Jane! Jane!”
“LOVE IS ENDURING Love is enduring It is far-reaching and kind It will never fail”
“Oh, my. Oh, dear," he said. "Is this also love? This terrible pain?" Belle nodded. "Love is hard. I had no idea how hard. Is it worth the pain?" "Yes," Belle said. "It is.”
“From my always to my forever, it’s only been you.”
“LOVE IS THE ONLY BOND THAT CAN MAKE THE WHOLE WORLD A SINGLE NATION.”
“L'amore è una pazzia temporanea, erutta come un vulcano e poi si placa. E quando accade, bisogna prendere una decisione. Devi capire se le vostre radici si sono intrecciate a tal punto da rendere inconcepibile una separazione. Perché questo è l'amore. Non è l'ardore, l'eccitazione, le imperiture promesse di eterna passione, il desiderio di accoppiarsi in ogni minuto del giorno. Non è restare sveglia la notte a immaginare che lui baci ogni angoletto del tuo corpo. Questo è semplicemente essere 'innamorati', una cosa che sa fare qualunque sciocco. L'amore è ciò che resta quando l'innamoramento si è bruciato; ed è sia un'arte, sia un caso fortunato." pag. 288”
“You are afraid to let anyone in, But you still leave the door open, Hoping someone good will shut the door behind him, And throw away the keys.”
“I will write a dictionary of all the words I have used trying to describe the way it feels to have finally, finally found you.”
“From the moment I looked at you, I knew you were meant for me.”
“A spiritual being loves because no other way than Love is known. It is not dependent on the presence of another. Nor is it halted by the actions of another. ”
“To lovers out there …. A matured person never laughs at other people who are trying to find love or partners, because they understand the reality, but a childish person laughs at them , because everything to them Is a joke. Never make fun of people who are on dating sites. Looking for love, friendship, relationship or partner, because you manage to find your partner or lover somewhere else. Dating sites, It just like another platform, another mall like any other place. Love can be found anywhere. People finding love on social media platform or dating sites. It doesn’t make It less genuine. Why are you worried or ashamed what people will say when you are looking for a partner, meanwhile It Is you who Is In need, lonely and alone. Longing for companion or some company. Being alone It is not a sign of bravery or Independency.”
“Illness is out of my dictionary when the soul yearns to do and achieve great things.”
“It is your state of mind or your ability to think that will exalt or diminish you. The choice is placed in your hands.”
“Risiko terbesar dari harapan adalah kekecewaan”
“Sebuah ironi, tentang aku yang telanjur menaruh hati tetapi dia tidak pernah menyadari”
“Love is not a sentiment, Love is sentience.”
“Love reassembles you.”
“As the sands of time caress my tender flesh and the feathery wings of chance turn pale my once undying youth, I shall look upon thee and smile.”
“Her smile is unforgettable, her eyes are like ocean and her voice is sweet like violin.”
“I still don't know if Darwin, with his theory of natural selection, would have made an excellent lawyer or judge in court.”
“Some people say we have to love God. For others, it seems that fear is the most beautiful. Sometimes fear and other times love, I mean they can't be mixed. I would rather love God than fear Him daily.”
“Living without you is like living in a cloudy winter. It's so gloomy, cold and bitter.”
“~Love is a powerful force. It cannot be bought. It cannot be taken or stolen. Although sometimes it must be fought for, it must be given freely.~”
“People think that intimacy is about sex. But intimacy is about truth. When you realize you can tell someone your truth, when you can show yourself to them, when you stand in front of them bare and their response is "you're safe with me" - that's intimacy.”
“When people talk about falling in love, often they’ll say things clicked into place. I didn’t have that. It was more like things relaxed. Everything I’d been holding onto was suddenly filled with air, and I didn’t feel quite as crowded as I had before. My thoughts get quieter when I’m in love, I guess. It’s like when you’re looking at a picture of a busy street, filled with cars and people and all their lives and worries and thoughts, and at first, it’s overwhelming, it’s too busy for you to see anything but the sum of its parts, but once you zoom in, everything gets clearer. Suddenly the blurs you were looking at aren’t blurs, they’re people, and you feel a connection to it. The bigness doesn’t seem so big anymore.”
“You were never born to hurt in love, suffer in love, or break in love. You were born to love, to be loved, and to make love”
“Sometimes we meet someone and feel like we have known them all our lives”
“I love you, I thought, rallying against the blackness. More than all the stars in the universe. In this life and ever after. I love you.”
“I call on all major religions to return to their original state, seeking spiritual remedies, rather than getting involved in daily political discourse.”
“Love appears in different faces but love has its real face. The nature of love is happiness and forgiveness.”
“The simplest definition of democracy is that you are a true humanist at heart. Which is contrary to exploitative ideologies.”
“To lovers out there … Please when you are In a relationship. Ask your partner that , They must not buy or give you a gift that will cost you your life and freedom from them. They must not do things for you or with you that will you cost you your soul, peace and happiness. They must not do things for you or with you , If those things means ,you must pay with your own life. They should not feel like you owe them something. Dying should not be the price you pay for loving someone or being a relationship with someone.”
“There was no more waiting. All the things she'd patiently been putting aside were right here, within her grasp”
“Your love is pure. Your love is healing.”
“One word can be a light to a dark place.”
“Love is not blind, it is conscious of its own sacrifice in order for things to turn out well.”
“A love letter so sultry the words began to melt.”
“To lovers out there …. I hope you find someone who Is running towards you and who wants to be with you, rather that someone who is running away from someone, or something then find themselves with you. When the energy, effort and commitment is match In a relationship. Love is a beautiful thing.”
“Fortune without love is sheer curse.”
“Do you think I can stay to become nothing to you' Do you think I am an automation?-a machine without feelings? and can bear to have my morsel of bread snatched from my lips, and my drop of living water dashed from my cup? Do you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain, an little, I am soulless and heartless? You think wrong!-I have as much soul as you,-and full of as much heart! And if G-d had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I should have made it as hard for you to leave me, a it is now for me to leave you. I am not talking to you now through the medium o custom, conventionalities, nor even of mortal flesh: it is my spirit that addresses your spirit; just as if both had passed through the grave, and we stood at G-d's feet, equal,-as we are!”
“Florì abbassò la testa sul petto. Anche per lei tutto finiva. Il sangue se ne andava, con don Cirino, con le immense distanze. Mai più alla vetrinetta sarebbe riapparso, mai più. Né in chiesa; né dentro i salotti di Piazza Mondragone; né in cielo tutte quelle lunghe, lunghe settimane. Mai più. Ricomparve il servo dicendo che alla porta c'era la carrozza di Carolina Durante. "Falla passare, e fa' entrare donna Carolina. No, che aspetti. Nu momento" in napoletano soggiungse infastidito. Uscì, con Florì, dalla terrazza, e traverso la terrazza raggiunse un'altra sala, poi una meravigliosa fresca veranda. E qui, una porta dava direttamente sulle scale di servizio. Il principe si pose davanti alla porta, e mentre Florida, pallida come una donna vera, stava per uscire: "No  di qui non si passa" disse anche lui pallido, un po' cattivo. E subito, guardandola, e pensando non so che, guardando il suo visetto infantile e pensando che questa era tutta la sua giovinezza e la perdeva, e non l'avrebbe avuta mai più, strinse tra le braccia Florì, ciò che Florì aveva desiderato con una febbre da tifo, per più settimane, e si mise a baciarla sul viso, mentre lei aveva gli occhi chiusi, tempestandola di baci, di piccole parole care, tenere. L'avrebbe riveduta, ora, sì, ne era convinto. Non l'avrebbe lasciata mai più. "Va' scinne . Domani ti rivedo  So io come. Non ti lascio più, cuore mio". E si ricordò solo dopo molto tempo che in questa furia d'amore la piccola De Gourriex stava ora come assente, come un'altra, come già perduta, e nulla rispondeva. "Va', Va'. Non ti lascerò più, core mio, amore mio, Florida mia dolce".”
“You let me go. Now, you stand there are watch me grow. I am a plant that needs sunlight, water, and love. It might take time to blossom but I am sure I will find someone who waters my soul. I hope you find your flower too and stop creating scars with thorns and give love a chance to grow.”
“My heart is bleeding for you, but the mind is plotting against you ”
“A realist is a man of action, because he does not dwell too much on reason when the results or the end will not satisfy the means. It is the reality that matters most.”
“Mom, your love is a mystery: How can you do it all? Mother is such a simple word, But to me there’s meaning seldom heard. For everything I am today, My mother’s love showed me the way. You are the Thunder and I am Lightning And I Love the Way You, Know Who You are to me Cause Mom You are a firework My Moon in times of darkness My Sun in times of my happy hours My pillow in times of sorrow And My strength In Times Of Great Depression How Can You Do It All? My World, My Forever What will I Have Been Without Such Pure Love Like The Moon In Someone’s Sky You Show Me The Way to life With your loving and slivering light you shine like and angel And I Thank heaven for the grace of having such a mother Which paths are wise and life is true You are my sunshine I’ll love my mother all my days, For enriching my life in so many ways. She set me straight and then set me free, And that’s what the word "mother" means to me. Mom, I wish I had words engraved in the clouds to tell How much you mean to me. I am the person I am today, Because you let me be. Your unconditional love Made me happy, strong, and secure. In all the world, there is no mother Better than my own. You're the best and wisest person, Mom I have ever known. Like the stars talks with no words your wisdom Enlightened me And Forever the angels will sing hallelujah For they Woe to have someone like you”
“« "You’ll see.” She dragged her fingers through her hair, pulling through the tangles. “See what?” The horse’s hooves patted quietly on the soft ground of the forest floor. “One day you’ll be in love with me." »”
“Where there is love, there is lift - where there is lift, there is love.”
“When I'm in love, I think of you.”
“I have seen God’s Love. I had been to places I had never dreamed or heard of. I had been to places, where not everyone or anyone is allowed. I had met people I never knew . Who shown me love, support and appreciation. I had seen Gods mercy. I had been saved from situations and events that are Inevitable. Where some people died and couldn’t survive or live. For that I am always in awe and thankful Lord. This is my testimony that Gods love me. 1 Thessalonians 5:16-18”
“One can love and hate in the same moment.”
“He kissed her bottom lip, stroked it with his tongue. “You are so beautiful. When is the last time someone told you that?” “Hmm, I believe a gentleman on a London street may have suggested something of the sort,” she said, with faux sweetness. He loved her sauciness. “In deed if not word.” “He should have said it out loud,” Cross murmured. “In front of everyone. He should have shouted it from the street corner, to all who would listen. Cherry Lambe is a beautiful, beautiful woman.” “Yes, I’m sure that would have gone over well,” she whispered. “I can see the headline now. Duke draws attention to himself over infatuation with female journalist gone rogue.” “Infatuation?” he said, delighted. “Is that what you would describe this as?” He could almost hear her blushing in the shadowy room. “Well, I did not mean to presume…” She sounded wonderfully embarrassed. He lowered his lips to her ear. “It is all right, Mrs. Lambe. I assure you. It’s true. I am infatuated with you. Consumed, in fact.” Lovesick. Besotted. He could go on, but decided it would be unwise.”
“I wish I could travel back in time, not to feel younger or change the course of history and bring us back together, but to re-live every precious moment we had, over and over.”
“I want you to know that I know that and that I see you I want to give you peace. I want to give you a home. With me.”
“Everyone is a story written in Braille, love is the finger that dares to read it.”
“Infinite beauty, infinite adventure, infinite love— this is the realm of Creativity.”
“I squeeze my eyes shut and try to drown out the smooth sound of his voice as it slides into my ears and makes its way through every nerve in my body, warming me in places this flimsy blanket failed to do all night.”
“This won’t go anywhere,” I tell her. “This thing with us. It won’t end well.” “I know,” she whispers. “How do we stop it?” I ask her. She looks at me, hoping I’ll answer my own question. I can’t. Silence.”
“My first language is Silence. Second, Thought. Third, Speech. My first law is Love. Second, Love. Third, Love.”
“India is going to face the biggest genital crisis, the only reason for which is not to have interracial marriages. At that time you will remember this sentence very much.”
“If you know them better than they know themselves, then you deserve them.”
“ And if I had no words, I would still say I love you… In more ways than three words.”
“Monsoons and tea were inseparable partners in love and their fidelity had stood the test of time. Together they oozed an unsurpassable romance so it sometimes evoked jealousy in those preferring the high of wine. - Page 124, Blue Jeans”
“We save our truest selves for the ones we love, and even that level of openness can be difficult.”
“To Lovers out there … Your physical eyes will see the person you will like, and your heart eyes will see the love from the person you like.”
“You’re exactly where you should be, Legs. With me.”
“If the name of your hurricane is Love, And the soundtrack to your life is Hurt, Write.”
“In a room full of art All I would want to look at Would be the edges of your face The edges of your face”
“I want to dance with you, down memory lane and up moments boulevard.”
“The little things make the happiest lives.”
“Forgetting the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“Giving up the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“I said: I am a poem in search of her poet A painting longing for its artist A world looking for her creator I am a vast empty page Aching for one drop of ink He said: I am your poet And you will love me for my words.”
“Anything is possible, especially when you don't expect any flaws in your future plan.”
“Love tends to be swayed at the slightest beckoning, but it also pierces with the sharpest twinge. -Page 95, Blue Jeans”
“To love is our ultimate responsibility.”
“My heart aches with gratitude for He has blessed me with sorrow and sunshine. I have lived in the dark and He has flooded me with His goodness and light.”
“To Lovers out there … Your physical eyes will see the person you like, and your heart eyes will see the love from the person you like.”
“Life will be so beautiful, just marry someone who loves you instead of the person you love.”
“This was either the stupidest thing I had ever done in my life or the bravest and most courageous act of love I could think of.”
“When I was sad I smiled So, everyone thought that I was happy And smiled back Even if they were sad They were happy that I was happy Even if we were sad.”
“When our daily lives focus more on the getting than the giving; we get less love and give more hate.”
“I want you to know that you are my soul and my HEART. You are my today, my tomorrow and my PAST. Nothing and no one can ever break us APART.”
“Yet as much as I loved him, I loved myself more. And as I was discovering, there was no end to love-it was something which grew and renewed endlessly, expanding to encompass each new horizon. Family. Friends. And other lovers, too-none of them the same- yet each precious in their own way.”
“I was clinging to a person so hard that I did not know how to breathe when he let go and I call that an addiction.”
“I met you and you awoke my world Suddenly the birds sang louder And the music seemed more magical Our souls touched and our hearts beat as one”
“I apologized for being me until there was no one left to be sorry for”
“They say you keep who loved you the most not who sexed you the most.”
“We know each other without knowing each other. I know your name, you know mine. We recognize each other in the corridors, and we know it. There is something between us. A bond. A special bond. That no one knows. It's just you and me. Keep ignoring me ! You amuse me. If you only knew how much I know about you, and how much I know everything. You really think I love you ???? Well, you're right. Get inside my head, you'll see, you're everywhere. Even as I write this quote. Fortunately, you'll never know any of this. I'm the one with all the keys in my hand. You have to beg me to give you one !”
“I apologized for being me until there was no one left to be sorry for.”
“True love cannot exist when the mind is allowed to wander and explore other options.”
“I pity and smile at my enemies, because they have done the greatest harm to their souls.”
“Those who hate me have to pay the price of frowning every time they see me.”
“Frowning is the price you have to pay seeing your so-called enemies.”
“Nowadays, education no longer matters, rather it is college or university life that has become so appealing to young minds.”
“Technology is here to lift the spirits of our women. Things have been simplified for everyone. Now we are talking on equal terms.”
“Never underestimate the power of love. It can change many things.”
“And as we swam, or played, or talked, a feeling would come. It was almost like fear, in the way that it filled me, rising in my chest. It was almost like tears, in how swiftly it came. But it was neither of those, buoyant where they were heavy, bright where they were dull.”
“The true test of love lies in its ability to endure the longing”
“Sex is nature’s gift for both the sexes. If you mistake that you’ve more to give than receive in it, then the woman in you would lose as wife for you won’t be able to experience the joy of being a female. So don’t ever demean lovemaking as an instrument of sexual blackmail. It pays to know that sex is not about male satiation alone but it is as much a womanly fulfillment”
“Public geniuses who are able to stir the multitudes into action are great speakers, but not good listeners and that suits them well.”
“Great thinkers and geniuses are good listeners, but many are not gifted with excellent communicative speech.”
“Many people remember history, dates and certain events, but only a few studies and learn from them.”
“I leave you without a sound except the beating of my warm heart, Overflowing with Love for you,”
“I still remember the first time you left flowers at my doorstep because it was Monday. I never told you this but being with you was the only moment I ever truly felt beautiful.”
“I'M NOT THE PERSON WHO WILL HIT A DEAD SNAKE, I'M THE PERSON WHO WILL BURY A DEAD SNAKE, AMEN”
“Maybe I miss your love; Or maybe I miss being loves”
“Maybe I miss your love; Or maybe I miss being loved.”
“Is love really blind?”
“WILL SHE PUMP HER BLOOD IN MY HEART, WILL SHE BREATH HER LOVE IN MY HEART”
“How could it ever be love unless it is accompanied by jealousy?”
“When I meet your eyes, don't you wonder what we could become together ? But no, you go on your way, you pretend not to see me. Because you know that I am not reachable. That you can't touch me. And yet, it would be enough for you to stop me, to talk to me, to tell me everything. But something stops you. Your fear. Too bad, the day is over. I'll see you tomorrow. Pray every day that I'll stop you. And in the meantime, I will too. We pray that one of us will be stronger than the other, braver. Yet you are strong. But I am stronger. You know that. I am the forbidden beauty.”
“what is love? what was love for me? it was when I believed I was the happiest person on earth if I had only him and nothing else it was when I looked at him and felt a pain in my chest over how I would find anything more beautiful it was when I started writing cause what he made me feel was so intense it couldn't just remain in my thoughts it was pain, a feeling that emptied out my chest and ate me alive knowing just because I love you, it didn't entitle me to have you. My love for you was like an ocean slowly drowning me and I was clinging to the last piece of driftwood that was my hope.”
“LOVE never runs out, Sweetheart. When it comes knocking on your door, open. And when you start to feel it, know that it’s real.”
“My longing for you— Too strong to keep within bounds. At least no one can blame me When I go to you at night Along the road of dreams.”
“Love is a bond that death cannot part. Gone from my arms, but still held in my heart.”
“It was frightening,” I admit. “Frightening, but fascinating. Kind of like you.”
“If she had him, then no matter their fate, she'd have enough.”
“I am your stardust each inch below your skin layers, each drop in your veins. When I breathe your heart beats.”
“you're a museum of things that remind me of the worst time of my life yet somehow, you radiate comfort I want to feel, remember how the pain felt when I'm around you it hurts, but it's a good kind of pain, I've finally been released.”
“Philosophy is not for everyone, it can easily drain someone's energy. Thinking straight is the hardest job under the sun.”
“Single people yearn to see their loved ones, while those who are married crave for time alone.”
“It's true if you love someone, You love him just the way he is, Not by changing that person's identity!”
“I am coming, my lady. Do not leave me, not for the moon, or the stars, or the heavens above. I won’t give you up to the moon or the Kinsman. I am coming.”
“The purity of emotions rarefies one’s soul to surface onto the face to enable the fusion of the inner beauty with the outer grace to get imprinted in the minds of those who espy that visage.”
“I’m coming to see the commonality between sex and sport, basics being the same, it’s the players who raise the bar.”
“The purpose of gayhood is to destroy the concept of brotherhood or brotherly love.”
“Mas naquele momento, com aquele par romântico, era como se todos os clichês do mundo estivessem aglomerados, em fila no seu peito. E em algum lugar a distância, ela jurava que estava ouvindo fogos de artifício.”
“every time I long for you, I promise myself it's the last, I wish I could love myself the way I love you unconditionally. overlooking ever negative, repeating small gestures over and over in my head to get high from that nervous feeling how do I manage to remember every little instance between us when I can't even remember to eat how did you become so important that I'm willing to give up my dreams to support you in following yours. I'm turning into a fool hanging onto the last thread of hope believing it to be love.”
“I failed to define the true meaning of love after realising that even demons love their own kind.”
“LOVE never runs out, Sweetheart. It comes knocking at the door of your heart one day. When it does and you start to feel it, know that it’s real.”
“Love is an emotion and emotion changes by the time.”
“I thought, I will know him always, he will father my children, we will grow old side by side. We will make love ten thousand times and plant fifty gardens in the springtime, and when winter comes we will lie together and keep each other warm, until the sunshine returns.”
“Pe urmă ne vedeam din ce în ce mai des. Eu stăteam la o margine-a orei, tu - la cealaltă, ca două toarte de amforă. Numai cuvintele zburau intre noi, înainte şi înapoi. Vârtejul lor putea fi aproape zărit, şi deodată, îmi lăsam un genunchi, iar cotul mi-infigeam în pământ, numai ca să privesc iarba-nclinată de caderea vreunui cuvânt, ca pe sub laba unui leu alergând. Cuvintele se roteau, se roteau între noi, înainte şi înapoi, şi cu cât te iubeam mai mult, cu atât repetau, într-un vârtej aproape văzut, structura materiei, de la-nceput.”
“I'm not sure how you gather such strength If you weren't my Mom, I wouldn't be the same When everything seems to go against you You are queen of the universe, a confident dame”
“I do not remember anything, I have no answer to your questions, if you have doubts on me, then this love cannot run on the basis of any doubt”
“And I watch my words from a long way off. They are more yours than mine. They climb on my old suffering like ivy. It climbs the same way on damp walls. You are to blame for this cruel sport. They are fleeing from my dark lair. You fill everything, you fill everything. Before you they peopled the solitude that you occupy, and they are more used to my sadness than you are.  But my words become stained with your love. You occupy everything, you occupy everything.”
“Romance, always balanced so delicately between tragedy and comedy. You could never judge appropriately which you lived until the final pages. Even then, it depended where you chose to stop the story.”
“While he stood rooted lost in her charms, sensing that she had stolen his heart, she bowed her head as though in guilt.”
“It’s the character of man woman chemistry that feminine tendencies catalyze male proclivities. Carried away by the euphoria of her coquetry, man begins to woo woman with hope. With her vanity thus addressed by his advances, she turns flirtatious, furthering his passion for her possession. In the excitement of the moment, should he transgress the threshold of her sensitivity, fearing she had compromised her honor, she sinks in shame. Thereafter, she withdraws from him to brood over her infirmity, and in the end, as though to atone for her moment of weakness, she cold-shoulders him altogether, making him wonder what went wrong in the midst of his conquest.”
“Would sex become any more pleasurable if penetrated with love? Why at all this doubt, as if love would take that any deeper into her. Hah, hah! But, it’s the lust that vests the thrusts with power and any woman would know that for sure.”
“Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.”
“I promise, you won’t find another person more sincere than me in this world,” Hua Cheng replied.”
“Xie Lian had buried his face in his back, and also didn’t speak. Though nothing was said, it was enough. He heard Hua Cheng’s staggering voice coming from above. “ Your Highness. You really…will be the death of me.”
“I love you," he whispered. "In all my life, its been only you.”
“Love without loyalty is the most meaningless gift that you could give to anyone.”
“I will forget you as soon as my head lays on someone else's arms. It's not a complicated science.”
“I can only wash your tears, my dearest, but I cannot calm your storm when I, myself, can't even stop my rain from pouring.”
“Best foreplay starts with a kiss.”
“So, when we finally reach that final stretch, may the promises made on our ever-hopeful lips be kept, and the summers we wish for be granted to us.”
“Never be around someone who makes you feel bad of who you are or of what you did.”
“Love without loyalty is selfish. If your love comes without loyalty, I don't want it. In fact, love without loyalty is the most meaningless gift that you could give to anyone.”
“If your love comes without loyalty, I don't want it.”
“He’s the type who is unafraid to make a decision. In this case, Rudy had already made up his mind about Liesel Meminger.”
“In every experience, a lesson. In every lesson, Love.”
“If you want to remember useful things, you need to invest in long-term memory. It takes energy and effort.”
“With meditation comes the art of paying attention or awareness, peace of mind and the patience to endure almost anything. The benefits are endless, if you know what you are doing.”
“You are worthy of everything that you desire.”
“I want to be seen for who I really am, and loved for it anyway." - CP Harris, Bad Wrong Things”
“I know someone who kisses the way a flower opens, but more rapidly. Flowers are sweet. They have short, beatific lives. They offer much pleasure. There is nothing in this world that can be said against them. Sad, isn’t, that all they can kiss is the air. Yes, yes! We are the lucky ones.”
“Starting something new means nothing if you don't have the courage to finish it.”
“I love it when he tells me that he likes the way I feel because it goes against everything I’ve heard my entire life and I wish I could put his words in my pocket just to touch them once in a while and remind myself that they exist.”
“To lose you is to die before death. To be lost in you is to find oneself.”
“Fanatics are everywhere, in religion, sports and politics. The majority are ready and willing to die for their beliefs. Even in love there are martyrs.”
“He’d explained that he’d loved her mother so much that just being in the same room with her, not doing anything special, was better than the most exciting party with anyone else. At the time she hadn’t understood his point, but suddenly it all made sense.”
“Por las estrellas que escuchan  y los sueños que se hacen realidad Una corte de niebla y furia”
“Ο έρωτας σε κάνει ταπεινό, υπομονετικό, αδιάφορο, να συνηχείς με τα παιδιά, με όλα και με τίποτα.”
“The fact that we are ALL unique proves how similar we are. In short, we are all equal except in ideas.”
“We are ALL unique, ALL similar and ALL equal.”
“Do you know how careful my love will make me? See here, look at my hands. Say there’s a cobweb spun between them. It’s my ambition. And at its centre there’s a spider, a color of a jewel. The spider is you. This is how I shall bear you — so gently, so carefully and without jar, you shall not know you are being taken.”
“Love is a premature grave of restlessness.”
“At a party, the guests drink more than the host. The same can be said on the plane, the passengers should have fun and not the pilot. In this case, the pilot is the shepherd of the sheep. The keeper of the flocks.”
“My dad once said if you want to last longer in your relationship you have to marry someone who loves you, not someone you love”
“All that you see, see in love, All that you do, do in love, All that you speak, speak in love, All that you be, be in love.”
“You can exercise faith without love, you can have faith without even very much thought, but you can’t love without faith. Many failures of love come not from lack of emotion but lack of faith.”
“To lovers out there …. Some people think being single means purity. It means you are a good , innocent person. It means that you are doing better in life, and everything is good. It means you are a strong person. You can manage everything that you don’t need anyone in your life. Having someone it doesn’t mean you are incapable, weak, vulnerable and you are dependent. Being in a relationship with the right person. It is life changing. It is the best thing that everyone should hope for. Two is always better than one. It is twice of everything good, with less effort, strength and time. Being single and alone should not be by choice, but should be circumstantial . Love it is a powerful and beautiful thing . You can benefit a lot from it and it can do lot of things for you.”
“We end up making false promises to others by trying to impress them too much.”
“If I don't wake up tomorrow just know; 1. I love you all! 2. The trouble I caused was just me 3. From JAH I came, unto JAH I shall return”
“I have seen and penetrated through the veil of all illusions.”
“Love is the most powerful force in the universe and the truth is its almighty weapon.”
“The mystery of love is not found within the significant one, but in the memories you shared together.”
“Politics is not about power. True politics is mastering all the forms of love, then power will come by itself.”
“The law is not to love power. The rule is to practice love in politics, then power will come at its own accord.”
“Those who love much risk losing everything at once without warning.”
“The only mistake many people make in politics is to love power while casting many veils over love.”
“It's not the story of Adam and Eve that matters most. The key to knowing the mystery of life is to know and understand the true meaning of love.”
“Love isn't a proclamation but rather experience, experiencing beloved in everything you see, hear, & speak.”
“We never really love a person until we see that person without the lens of need, want, and fulfillment. Love isn't the frame to lense love through it rather love is a reflection of the frame to see things as it is in totality and total acceptance.”
“No one wants to learn from past history because we all want to leave our own history in the face of the world.”
“It hurts me to hear, to see you got no faith in yourself It bothers me now to watch you, you got no faith in your own self You listen more to your friends than to your own heart inside Well, you listen to them, oh but you hide You don't got nothin' to be afraid of You're not as bad as you think And you're always puttin' yourself down But I'm just gonna tell you that I like you Darling, you always put yourself down, but I like you That's all I came to say Then there's no need to think that other people can do things better than you can do 'em Cause you got the same power in you I got faith in you. Sometimes you don't have it in yourself But I got faith in you And our time is right now, now we can do anything we really want to Our time is now, here in the morning of our lives And it ain't just me who thinks so, dear, I asked my friends Now, Leroy and Asa and D. Sharpe Tell her not to be afraid Tell her it's okay Tell her it's all right And our time is now, we can do anything we really believe in Our time is now, here in the morning of our lives Dear, I asked Leroy and Asa and D. Sharpe, and they said Don't you love her too? Then tell her she's okay Tell her she's all right You're okay, dear. There's nothing to feel inferior about. You can do it And our time is now, we can do anything you really believe in I know it Our time is now, here in the morning of our lives Our time is right now, you can do anything you set your heart on Our time is now, here in the morning of our lives We're young now. Right now's when we can enjoy it Now's the time for us to have faith in what we can do No need to fear, cause now's the time to have faith in what we can do”
“There can never be democracy and diplomacy without love”
“God is love. Thus, I transformed my heart into the throne of God.”
“Where there is life, there is love. For it is Love with her eternal kiss that makes a life worth living.”
“Here at his elbow was really another world; and it was soft, warm, and breathing, a person, somebody you could talk and laugh and cry with, not so very different in most things, indeed strangely like you.”
“Love is the most beautiful and fundamental thing that gives you the feeling of living a pleasant life.”
“Our meditation should be on life and not on death. Let's keep our heads up high and move forward to success.”
“Love is so strong that even demons don't hate their own kind.”
“The real founder of Christianity was Paul and not Jesus. The Oscar should go to Paul and the Grammy award to Luke, for spreading Christianity to the Gentiles; which was forbidden by Jesus himself.”
“I have nothing to hate about religions. Because they are all built on the foundation of love, despite having different paths to reach that final destination.”
“Love is the true foundation of mankind, it can force a romantic emperor to bow and kneel before a maid.”
“To lovers out there …. When your partner comes clean and confesses with their addiction, problem ,something wrong they did or a mistake they made before you find out. I think you should not be punishing them. Instead, you should be helping them in how to overcome that problem and help them to make sure . It doesn’t happen again. For the fact that they came clean to you .It means they have seen their wrongs and are willing admitting to work on them for you. Honesty is another key in building a good relationship. Even thou sometimes .We might like the truth.”
“I loved much to the point that I lost the true meaning of hate.”
“We always hide something of ourselves whenever we create something.”
“Nu știam că dorul poate lua forme atât de tiranice.”
“de cine m-am îndrăgostit eu, de fapt? M-am îndrăgostit de ideea de a te avea și de imposibilitatea ei? Sau poate m-am îndrăgostit de inabordabilitatea ta, de faptul că atenția ta este scumpă, de faptul că ești selectiv cu persoanele din jurul tău, iar egoismul meu vrea să fie hrănit prin a fi selectată de cel mai selectiv om pe care îl cunosc? Să fiu eu cea care îi ia mințile celui mai rănit, inabordabil și imposibil de avut individ. Sau poate m-am îndrăgostit de faptul că mă faci să sufăr, că mă controlezi, iar inconștient poate asta caut. Sau poate că m-am îndrăgostit de tine. Pentru ceea ce ești tu. [ ] Nu știu de ce m-am îndrăgostit, Încă nu pot să îmi dau seama. [ ] Dacă m-am îndrăgostit de niște idei sau de tine; asta nu știu.”
“Find the wild places of her heart, and set her love free.”
“Relationships depends upon love and not love to relationships. This means that there is no guarantee of love in every relationship.”
“You can not create something without love and expect it to be great.”
“We always hide our souls whenever we create something that cherishes the heart.”
“The arrival of New Year heralded a symphony of riveting colors awakening our inspiration, as the world is our canvas, our profound souls becomes inspired when the brushes of good deeds and triumph of our love make their way into the heart of beloved .”
“You can flex, or be Chris it’s your business Or be you and be great in your greatness [From the song 'Bila Upendo Ni Bure']”
“You can dream of having a lot of money, while others are earning and making money every day.”
“If one day we're together, you will be my king, I will be your queen, and we will build our own kingdom.”
“So what does that make you to me?” she asked. “Friends with benefits, boyfriend, partner?” “Yours,” he said, quietly. “It makes me yours.”
“And, for the first time I'd seen, he laughed. It wasn't one of those half laughs that he usually did; it was one of those laughs that I did. The full laugh. I loved it. I loved the way it sounded. I loved everything about it.”
“In love, you won't always win but even in the loss. there's so much to gain.”
“Sometimes pain is our greatest teacher. It's through those experiences that we learn our most important lessons.”
“Time will not erode it nor will it halt its growth, for our love is everlasting and ever growing.”
“Love is support and unity combined. Love is associated with all that is good or beautiful.”
“Peace is only beautiful if you are on the winning side.”
“Luck only exists if you create it yourself. Create the opportunities.”
“There is nothing to love in a poor man and nothing to hate in a rich man. Simply, because no one wants to become poor in life. We all seek a moderate lifestyle.”
“We claim to love the poor and yet no one wishes to become poor in life. Therefore, it is a false statement made by flatterers.”
“I wash the remnants of men I don't respect off my skin like the way I wash dishes. With joy, so I never have to feel the scent of them on my split ends and on the markings of my neck.”
“If I’m worth anything in this world, it’s because of what you’ve given me”
“I was feeling low, i felt like i said too many 'I love you's and received less of what i gave. I craved love because i am a being of love. I remember my parents telling me that I have a heart of gold and everyone around me telling me that i deserved the best love. But, somehow, over the years, i gave too much and felt like everyone took my heart only to break it and walk away. I moved on, but sometimes i feel my heart is done with these games. I meet someone, and that heart fixes itself, but soon it all goes down, and i question myself; am i good enough or simply walking towards hell? I have tried to change my means and ways. I have deleted all sources and have been in the hermit mode, trying to knock some sense and tell myself it will all get better. But, this body, this mind, this soul is tired of the mess. I have understood everyone and given the space, but i just want someone to love me for once in my way. To just hold me and tell me things will be better again. To love me for who i am and grow with me always. I want a soul that connects with mine and a universe where my love story sees every sunrise and midnight.”
“Permit yourself to bask in gratitude, explore with curiosity, and love with abandon.”
“Give me your attention, let me the voice in your mind. I don't just want your body; I need your soul to connect with mine. I don't need a glass of wine and music, i need you and nature to play a background score to a beautiful night. I need your smile to be mine, and i promise to love you till the end. Till then, hold my hand and dance under the moonlight. Let's make the stars jealous and the grass smile. Let's be in love and create a history of our time.”
“I still prepare and create my luck, because I know that it only exists after creation.”
“I recommend the books only to ready minds. Those who have inquired about them or those who are on the right path. Seekers of wisdom.”
“To love is to be broken. That is the very definition of the word.”
“The feeling of love comes exclusively from within us. By damning or judging and witholding your love from the world, you're only blocking yourself from letting love flow through you. Your own heart is the only place you feel love from. Other people's love can remind and awaken it from within you, but it's an inside job. Only you can take the journey of awakening the heart to give and receive true love.”
“It is said it is useless to look for equality in a relationship. Whether you want it or not, one always leads, and the other follows. Maybe we should give matriarchy a chance. But the weight should always be towards one side. As long as we compete for equality, none of us will lead, and none of us will follow.”
“We don’t choose people. Our hearts do. And they’re little saboteurs, always trying to get themselves broken.”
“We want to coalesce as sexual beings. And as spiritual beings, we want to coalesce with this universe, even if we are unsure of this being a possibility. However, one wrong move and you are stuck with someone who doesn’t help you grow intellectually or spiritually.”
“I can not be a part of myself - for everything that creates my soul incompletes my heart.”
“Without deception, sexual attraction isn’t possible. Men deceive women in many ways, and women deceive men on a whole different, god-like level. It’s not just makeup. It’s something far much greater. Many women try to play dumb, lest the man get scared of their intellectual abilities. Many women fake flexibility when it comes to opinions, as they know many men aren’t accepting of a highly opinionated woman. It’s a multitude of things with women. Whereas with men, things are quite simple. They just have to portray that they are the most sorted out guys, will be good providers, and know what they are doing in their lives. Putting it in a nutshell, both men and women deceive each other. But after a few months of marriage, the veil of deception is lifted. The woman who once seemed timid suddenly begins to voice her concerns. The woman who once seemed flexible suddenly begins to assert her unpopular opinions and impose her will. Men disappoint too. The woman realizes her guy isn’t as sorted out as he pretended to be. All in all, only when people start living together do they come to know of their partners for real. No wonder why so many love marriages end up in divorce within a year.”
“Without deception, sexual attraction isn’t possible. Men deceive women in many ways, and women deceive men on a whole different, god-like level.”
“Only human males are able to find partners so easily. Well, most of them. In the animal kingdom, you have to be the best to get the girl. I once saw a peacock doing its mating dance. So beautiful and full of vitality he was. Yet it wasn’t enough for the peahen. There were better peacocks in the queue. The power of choice is always with the females.”
“Sometimes one false accusation is enough to ruin what you have in an instant; regardless of how long you have known each other or how much time you have spent together.”
“Whenever it comes to survival, the word evil loses its meaning.”
“But I would never give my heart again to any young creature.”
“I could tell him I love him, but love seems too cliché, too overdone. I feel love, but I also feel jokes and front porch fights, pinky promises and friendship bracelets. I feel rolling my eyes when he made fun of my favorite songs, yelling at him when he paired up with Ashley Olson on our seventh-grade field day. I feel love, but I also feel our history, years and years of choosing him, the good and bad, highs and lows. Choosing to love. Not despite the flaws. Because of them. Because the mistakes prove we were together long enough to make them. Because we knew each other at our worst and even then, no one else compared.”
“Only death can calm the mind completely.”
“Clementine looked at Prentiss a final time, not in shame but as if to say, "This is what I will do for you.”
“I always prepare my day in advance. Tomorrow's activities must be planned or decided today. Simply, because tomorrow never comes.”
“The woman lives in the present moment than a man, therefore, she must be emotional. As long as man lives in the future, he must therefore be a rational being.”
“Love cannot be sought. It cannot be forced. It is a seed released from the heart, then carried along by wind, lands in another heart and germinates. It’s accidental.”
“To lovers out there … Most people invest in making the wedding to look beautiful rather than investing in making the marriage work. If you are about to get married. See therapist, marriage counsellors, psychotherapist , pastors and elders to prepare you and your partner for the marriage. Marriage it not for chance takers. It is for people who are in love.”
“If you want to know what the world hides from you, learn to love the parts of yourself that no one applauds for, and change your mentality.”
“You think it's strong not to feel? if you cannot admit that you feel, how can you understand when others feel?”
“Pieces by pieces I have picked up this heart of mine; whenever it used to beat for you, it used to shine.”
“Quizás sea absurdo de mi parte, pero deseo compartir mi futuro contigo. Si correspondes el sincero afecto que te profeso, serás mi consuelo y única verdadera alegría en este faro, que espero algún día también se convierta en tu hogar,”
“It occurred to Llewellyn for the very first time that he loved her. He didn't know why he never told her so. Who more than a Harrison girl needed love, real love? Not the sexy, sleazy kind they were offered only on the sly, but love---the safe constancy of a heart that saw what was real, and special; who had the courage to say so.”
“Milady, eu não simplesmente me importo com ela. Eu a Amo. Ela é a minha vida. Sem ela eu não sou nada. Eu não tenho nada.”
“Procrastination will eat you up if you allow it to. This is when discipline is most needed, to play its part and complete the equation of success or desired vision.”
“The secret to motivation is to limit your options, having one single goal in mind.”
“The eagle may rule the sky, but the lion will always rule the juggle.”
“Love enlightens a soul whereas lust leaves a scar. - Darshan Marlecha”
“For as long as I’ve known him, even at our worst, he’s brought sunlight to rival my poor weather.”
“If you have been present in my dream for a long time, would you be willing if I made the dream come true? By aging with you.”
“If love is water, I want to be the ocean. always fully filled.”
“Our love is stronger than time, greater than distance. Our love spans across stars and worlds. I will find you again. I promise.”
“I can feel me again. And I fix what's been broken in me all along  I don't want to imagine hiding on the moon or being on some space adventure in the stars anymore. This is the world I want to live in. Right here. With him. Because for the first time in my life, being in Web's arms, I feel free.”
“In your eyes there are countless stars yet to be discovered. Why will I look for another sky?”
“Change your present perspective and change what you think and do, and you can change your future. You are not a slave to your past. Your present situation may be the result of the decisions you made in your past, but your future will be the result of the decisions you make now.”
“I take a deep breath and tell myself to put one foot at a time, in the seemingly cold waters of love, once again. I tell myself-- love will infuse its warmth in me. Love isn’t cold, my heart is. It needs warmth.”
“Love is painful. Or, love is a beauty that, if leaves, leaves scarred remains. Perhaps, love left me scarred. Or! Love is forever a beauty, that lives forever. Rather. People leave. People leave pain. People leave people, scarred. People leave people, without answers they deserve to hear. People smear the name of love.”
“If the lifetime of the universe were put into the span of a day, humans would have only existed for the past four seconds. Thinking about that made all the drama and conflict around us feel somehow lighter.”
“You don't know love, till you've known heartbreak.”
“My soul yearned for you while yours wandered off to the souls of others. Then I healed. My soul doesn't yearn for you anymore.”
“My soul yearned for you while yours wandered off to the souls of others.”
“Since love is the lowest desire and the truest foundation of procreation, or generation, knowledge or wisdom is also the highest on the list.”
“Love is the foundation of the house that I am building.”
“My love of writing and sending positive messages to the world has taught me to begin from the very beginning of life.”
“Patriotism can’t be extinguished to the man who knows his history and who’s a true lover of his motherland.”
“We ought to understand the personalities and motives of an individual before we come to judge him.”
“As a leader, I aim to be dynamic whenever necessity ask for it and adaptive to any change that occurs without a notice.”
“Change can’t be expected to happen without keeping the republic free and uncorrupted.”
“For Tom, she was a bit like the dishes at the food joint next door: huge plates full of flavour and tasting them, you would start hungering for more, but too much of them would affect your stomach. It can't really cope if you get them more often than once a month. ~ As the moon began to rust”
“Love is such a waste: a glass of water, put in front of you at a party. Getting drunk, you’d reach for it, hoping it would do you good, but then you would abuse it as an ashtray at three o'clock in the morning and the next time you would drink from it, it would only taste toxic and make you want to puke. ~ As the moon began to rust”
“Love doesn't have to be forever to be real.”
“Fanaticism must be put to death and allow reason to prevail over ignorance.”
“It's always the same with relationships: like a fancy sheepskin jacket you would get yourself some to stay warm on cold winter nights and show them off a bit. At first, they would fit you perfectly until they would suddenly become too loose, too tight, too long, too short and from then on you would just not look after them any more. You would stop taking care of them, throw up all over them on the next binge and when you would wake up in the morning, the whole house would smell like wet sheep and stomach acid. Sooner rather than later, they would end up in the old clothes container and although you would promise yourself that next time you'd buy the expensive care product that the saleswoman with the fake smile has tried to sell you, you still won't do it, as it sounds like a lot effort and who would put any into something they end up losing, anyway?”
“Love is such a waste! It’s a glass of water which is put in front of you at a party. Getting drunk, you’d reach for it, hoping it would do you good. But then you’d abuse it as an ashtray at three o'clock in the morning and the next time you would drink from it, it would only taste toxic and make you want to puke.”
“Love should be limitless. But expectations should have a limit.”
“It follows from experience that love is of the laws of attraction, but it is ultimately a decision. – On Love”
“Have you ever met someone whose soul pairs so well with yours that you wonder how you've managed to survive this life without knowing them? That's how I felt last night.”
“When I travel, I love meeting my soulmates who are disguised as strangers.”
“Those who hate Mondays have no idea what they're missing out on.”
“Trust is similar to love, it is easily broken to one's advantage.”
“People will cheat you because they've found a great replacement. Same thing for trust, nothing is complete or eternal in this world.”
“Will you always talk to me? Will you always tell me what your heart desires? Will you always tell me what it does not? Will you always share your thoughts with me? Will you always love me?”
“Rumi- He whispers into my ear, “Yes. Special—are YOU, and my love for you, Milady! All I want, is to love you more, each day. To be with you, each day. To bring you flowers and everything that brings forth your sumptuous smile. If it were within my reach, I would make each day special for you. He says with such effortless grace that I go weak in my knees. Roohi- Sir, if you would so permit, I would like a mouthful of your tranquil eyes, squidgy cheeks, and succulent lips. That would bring me smiles and much more.”
“I want to soak in deep inside me, every bit of this blissful moment so it rests with me forever, just like his love.”
“Your eyes hold me heretofore. Your heart holds mine with all its lure. Hold me so, I never can part, from your embrace and love so pure.”
“The summit of love is the two lovers being together, for life, through a marriage where they engage in a shared path of life with all their will and heart.”
“Our behemoth love shall shatter all impediments, including fear. Rumi… don’t you want to will our vision of love into reality ?”
“I am not me anymore. He changed me into someone. Someone sentient of feelings. Someone who loved being loved by him. Someone who loved doing things which I would never even dream of doing, but I did, and happily, for him. And, then, one day he thought he could leave. He snaffled me from the world, and then he left me for the world.”
“He did not talk… He just stayed quiet. And left. He could have just talked. The same old Rumi, my Rumi, did not talk and just left me. My Rumi, who could talk to me through his eyes, did not even look into mine, maybe from fear that I would see what was writ large in them. He did not let me. He just left. My Rumi, is no more my Rumi. He is, just Rumi.”
“Malignancy of any communication that should, but does not happen-- it constantly makes the relationship deteriorate. The irony is, even in its absence, communication makes its presence felt with the coldness that creeps into the relationship. It slowly gets malignant for the bond to sustain, so eventually, you cut the relationship off while it slowly dies.”
“am still unable to imagine my life without him. I cannot imagine my days without him. I cannot see a life without him. I cannot think straight. I cannot gather what happened, and what fear, so grave, crept into him, that he had to just up and leave. Or, was it all a sham to hide something deplorable from me? I am so petrified Nayn, I am petrified. What will come of me now, what will?!”
“Why do people leave, Nayna? Why do they just leave? Why do they come into people’s lives if they have to leave? Why do they shower love if they cannot do it forever? Why do they ask for love if they do not know how to keep it secure? Why do they make promises that they do not intend to keep? Why do they even evoke love in you? Why do they say “for life” if they do not mean it?”
“Months keep elapsing and I get used to being the way I am-- alone. Not knowing how to love another man. Not knowing how to trust again. Not knowing how to tell my own self that I can still be with someone and also give myself away. Again. The thought of ‘again’ terminates everything inside me. If truth be told, the thought of being with someone and getting used to his things, the mere thought repulses me. I loved a man with all my heart and I do not know how to do that once again. I do not even feel like attempting it.”
“I still look at Rumi’s pictures. I have men still swooning over me, wanting to kiss me, but not love me like the love I know. I knew. The love that came from Rumi to me and streamed from me to Rumi. My heart is at unrelenting unrest. There lives a void in it. I never happen to find love or peace in whatsoever I may do.”
“My world revolved around him. You know I tried. You know well I am trying so hard but I have not been able to forget him even for a single day, a single night, not even a single second. My world still revolves around him. He was my star; he was my sun. Once a Sun, always a Sun, my life still orbits around him. I wish he would know. Actually, no Nayna, he knew, he always knew. He knew. And still, he left without looking at me, without saying anything to me.”
“Between what was said and taken to be true, what was not, and yet our hearts knew it to be true. Our love got lost… lost! Our celebrated capital love got lost. Time narrated a different story. Or, is it that he was the narrator, narrated one story of love, and enacted another of betrayal?”
“You are thinking too much Roo. You are draining yourself. Some things are out of our reach. We cannot know everything. We cannot control everything. But we can control ourselves. Happiness is right within us. It is inside you! He did not wave a magic wand to make you happy. You were always happy. You made him happy and so he loved you. He loved you because you are so lovable. It is difficult not to love you. You are a cracker of happiness and fervour. And now strength! So better not lose either.”
“Every corner of my home talks of him, every! Every article talks to me of Rumi and I could not say that to Nayna. As I pace around and gently touch all the surfaces, my heart cries out— come back  Don’t stay away, please! My home never felt like home without you.”
“Months start to become years-- crying and coming out of the pain he left me in, trying to wean off his constant presence in my head. But the pain never leaves, and the void never fills. The pain he left me in, happens to be more devoted, in contrast to the love he left in me.”
“My wings clipped; my flight, restricted with his absence! They say a penguin mates for life. Well, mostly. I need no flight, just get me my wings. I pray out of lost hope.”
“A smile does not anymore touch and settle in me like a peal of laughter. It is just another effete smile that flies by as softly as it flies in. Quiet is what I have become. Perpetually!”
“Love confirms hope and rejects cynicism, and he chose cynicism over love.”
“He left, and I hate him for that. Even though I am never able to, in the true sense of the word, hate him but I certainly hold a disfavour towards his act, for… um… for not talking to me, for not sorting his concerns out, for just leaving me alone due to just one darn fear. When we could have fought that fear together, and gradually seen it diminish, but he rather thought it better to just leave than give us a chance. Perhaps so I’d be happy with another. But, happy-me meant, being with him. There never could be another, none like him. And he knew that well, very well!”
“I still do not know if this is love but it does feel like love. The good old love the way parents do, as we see it. The configuration is perhaps the same, the manifestation is altered. But at least, it feels like a lasting song of love not just the one we make love to…”
“I feel like I am at a fork in the road of life. Combatting for answers I feel impotent and close my eyes to pray to the Almighty-- give me strength God, give me strength. I do not want to fall. But I also know I am tripping here. I cannot hide it anymore. I am losing out on my strength to go on. Please—I say out loud in my shaky voice— PLEASE, be with me. I have been stranded enough. You also don’t leave my side. Please don’t. Tears start to trickle down my eyes as if the oceans have decided to make their exit through them. I open my eyes and happen to see myself in the mirror afront-- once a glow-emanating expressive face, now, a deadpan face only emanating sorrow.”
“You bring happiness to one and all around you. All you have to do is rummage within yourself and let my Roohi step out in the open again. Let her out, do not chain her inside to fester, along with your pain. Once you see yourself beaming like you once did, you will not feel so crushed. Just work on smiling straight from the heart. Everything else will fall in place.”
“Life teaches my love, allow yourself to see what it is beseeching you to see—come what may, remain true to your own being by not letting someone dilute your true self. Earn what you deserve! Come what may get back up and wrestle back the pain that pushes you down, even if you think you have no strength left. Take a jab at it and conquer! Come what may piece yourself together, even if it is one day at a time. Own your struggle! Come what may never take yourself to be fragile. Strength is you, my girl!”
“The memories may not go far from us but someone’s love may make them dimmer. With all your true heart, know what it wants. Does it want happiness or does it obstinately want Rumi… back? First, answer this to yourself and then try. Happiness will happen on its own then!”
“Dominate your thoughts! Try to keep your thoughts in check. That is what lies within your purview, so work on that. Please do not try to alter life with what you may want. It will not change its course basis your wants. While you try with all your true heart, if you are still-- scared, be! Unsure of the future, be! But also, be discreet with the experience that life has left you with, till now. And use it well for your future.”
“Open up to your inner thoughts, of the present and the future, not of the past, and do not shut your eyes and ears to them.”
“I have got the reins of my life in my hands and I must not let myself topple over some mishap. I must put an end to my tinkering with my own true peace and happiness. I thought my peace lay with a person, but it domiciles right within me. In my willingness to let it proliferate within me, once again.”
“And you’re in love?” “Ma, we’ve never even kissed.” “And that has anything to do with it?” “Okay, fine. Yes, I think so. But don’t tell anyone. Don’t even repeat it to yourself.” “Why?” “Because it’s humiliating.” “Sweetheart, love is humiliating. Hasn’t anyone ever told you that?” “Who would have told me that?” “Do you know the word humiliate comes from the Latin root humus , which means ‘earth’? That’s how love is supposed to feel.” “Like hummus?” “Like earth. It ground s you. All this nonsense about love being a drug, making you feel high, that’s not real. It should hold you like the earth.” “Wow, Ma.” “What? I have a heart, don’t I?”
“It takes two to make love and only one person to make a mistake' ~Addicted to You”
“My culture acts as my compass in life.”
“This generation is destroyed by the so-called role models.”
“True independence is freedom in a nutshell.”
“The outsiders are still the true rulers of those countries who didn’t gain their full independence.”
“If you want freedom, then go for the full bundle.”
“And love would be much more than a passion that carried them through a night. It would be a habit that carried them through a life.”
“True love is like a tower house; this one requires strong pillars and foundation to withstand windstorms. And the mains of these pillars are patience and sacrifice!”
“ফিরতে পারবো কিনা - এই ভেবে কত পথ হাঁটাই হল না।  ”
“The only lover I know who behaves sensibly is the one who is always in touch with their sensuality; he/she takes my measurements anew each time they see me. The rest go on with their old measurements and expect me to fit them.”
“IF YOU WANT TO WIN ME, FIRST OF ALL, YOU HAVE TO WIN YOU; IF YOU WANT TO WIN YOU, FIRST OF ALL, YOU HAVE TO WIN ME, SAID BY LOVE”
“If not for the love and support of parents, children can never be!”
“If only, it were written on men’s faces how they would eventually be, things could work. Relationships would thrive. But my darling, only time is the real deal and the answer to one’s integrity. Time reveals one’s allegiance. People are, who they are. Their intentions, however, either get revealed or change over a period of time. Hard truth!”
“Listen, I am your mother, nonetheless, I am saying this to you. And these may not have been the wisest two cents in our times, but perhaps, are in today’s times—love, you take your time to get married, no rush. Know a guy, well, very well, before you engineer lofty dreams in your head and heart, and take the big step. I do not care about the world; I care about my daughter and her heart more than anything else.”
“If I were to give a name to people's lives, I'd first give to mine and call it-- Blessing.”
“I look at my much in love parents, and their cutest ever tiffs. How they get back to talking because they cannot just, not talk, to each other, for too long. They sulk, and talk, but talk. Never a day without talking. Such, is how love should be. I look at them and my cup runneth over!”
“Parents’ love is not conscious, rather it is ethereally organic. Parents’ love is not seasonal. Their love is a voluntary decision to be with their offspring, no matter what. Their love does not need answers, confirmation, validation, or acceptance. It thrives on its own and overflows like the purest waters from the mountains, irrespective of what it may have to cascade through. The deepest cockles of my heart reverberate with their love and keep me on the go.”
“The feeling of love is astounding. Never, can it ever be forgotten—to be loved and to love! One marvel of a feeling, which, if touches you, consider yourself bestowed.”
“The exhilarating knowledge of a long-desired tryst with the lover, the vigour, the traction within the insides, and the delirium is so atop a hill.”
“The daunting world of love can turn the freest, the uncomplicated, and the most perfunctory souls into thoroughly love-struck creatures, at lightning speed. Think of it-- from a freelancer to a full-fledged employee.”
“From here on, nothing about each other is hidden from us, not our hearts, not our minds, not our bodies, not our souls.”
“Years start to pass by but our desire for each other does not pass us by. The “spice” that he brings into my life remains as peppery and savoury as ever. The beauty and warmth I bring to his life, remain as enlivening as ever. Together, we cultivate a loving relationship that lights us both.”
“Between pampering each other, hell lot of teasing, making love, and then pampering each other more, we get abundantly used to each other. We never say, every other day, that we know we cannot be apart from each other. We just do not want to be. We like it together and we just know that we shall be together, for life.”
“To talk is as easy as falling off a log. To say what your heart loves. Or, not. But we still do not say it. All we have to do is rummage through ourselves and say it out loud to the people we love. It is all within us—the love, the will, the strength, the courage, and the hope!”
“To say out loud, the love we have in us for the one we have it for does not hurt, any of us. But, to not say out loud, it hurts two of us. It hurts like a thrust to the chest. A thrust so pushing, that it becomes enervating to breathe.”
“Love will always be like love in every clock of time. The measure of love will never differ with time… love has, and always will make the heart flutter and soul fly. Love is the conduit to happiness and life, and shall always be.”
“If there is love, your heart tells you, each day, in nanoscopic things. With time, time tells you. Until then, you love with all your true heart. Be honest, to yourself and to your love. Never lie—it goes against the grain of love, to lie in love. Love him and let him love you. But most of all, talk and understand each other!”
“Food is over-rated when it comes to love. It is not the way to live in someone’s heart. Your oxytocin hormones are not the answer to it either. These are vital elements, but you dwell in someone’s heart with communication. Love thrives on the gospel truth of communication. Everything else shall wane and wither away with time. But, if true communication, is held all through by lovers, it shall make the two, walk hand in hand, together till the end!”
“Roohi- Rumi, what is this love? Rumi- Love is—when, endearingly, I look at you, and you look back at me with equal intensity…! Roohi asserts- Equal or more! Rumi bows with a smile. Rumi- What say, you, my Roohi? Roohi- Love is-- the lifeblood of life! You are my love! You, are my lifeblood!”
“It is therefore, our responsibility to enjoy and respect our cultures, including the cultures of others.”
“Oh Africa! My love for you will never cease or end until I see that day that you get your full freedom; with your children.”
“Betrayal contributes so much to personal growth.”
“The truest definition of culture is that it contains all the human activities.”
“There can’t be the nation without culture and culture without the presence of a nation in the first place.”
“The African culture can’t be the same as the European, or the European to be similar to the American culture.”
“Different environments and people or societies will end up producing different outcomes, different cultures.”
“A true citizen or patriot is the one who will fight to the death, in order to keep ameliorating his nation.”
“There is no attraction without the right mindset, or without reaching the right level of frequency before you can manifest imaginary things into reality.”
“God loves us, but that doesn't mean we won't die. Love is really a strange word.”
“What I believe is that there is no good time. All times are valid.”
“Love is the cause of all wars in the world, perhaps in the whole universe. Because love for your country will drive you to fight for freedom, which can lead to death.”
“Patriotism is born out of pure love.”
“ Bir o gözüne, bir ötekine bakıyor, her birinde kendimi görüyorum: gökkuşağı zindanlarında ufacık, minicik bir mahpus ”
“Loneliness is my refuge when I miss my home.”
“To love is our highest responsibility.”
“Love is one thing, but dedication is what matters most. How much do you really need it?”
“Only those who understand the true meaning of love can give you unconditional love.”
“Secrets are always beautiful, but it depends on how you want to keep them.”
“Visions are meant to be shared by all, to keep moving forward and making your intentions known to all.”
“Smile through the tears cause you can't explain it simply you know love is an illusion where puts life into a delusion, so keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.”
“Many only seek for the end results while trying to ignore all the hard works or the long processes of getting there.”
“Those who are considered adventurous by nature are optimists too.”
“Listening and hearing is one thing, but understanding is the most crucial part of the equation of mankind.”
“Time spent telling someone you love them is never wasted.”
“Sometimes sacrifice is a better secret than a story.”
“In the Generation Of Another One You are My Only One”
“Love creeps in slowly. You might not even notice it as in its own pace, it fills your heart, body, and soul, and then, one fine day, in one moment, like lightning, it strikes you that you've lost yourself to someone else and in the process found love.”
“The good guys can't play this hard game of love. It is only for adventurous souls.”
“Inspiration is the most cherished attribute of every generation.”
“Sadly, although time can heal your wound, the scar may stay with you for good.”
“The only cure for grief is to grieve. The only cure for hurt is to hurt. Every tear is a tribute. Every tear is a memory, every memory is a treasure.”
“ What time are you seeing her?' 'How do you know it's a woman?' 'This isn't my first rodeo 'What do you mean?' 'You look like you got hit by a bus, and you dusted yourself off, and did it again for the hell of it. You look like you're wondering when the next time you can get hit by that bus is.”
“I don't want to fall in love, I want to rise with love”
“ What time are you seeing her?' 'How do you know it's a woman?' 'This isn't my first rodeo' 'What do you mean?' 'You look like you got hit by a bus, and you dusted yourself off, and did it again for the hell of it. You look like you're wondering when the next time you can get hit by that bus is.”
“Sometimes true love is not saying a single word. Just being there. Sometimes that's the greatest love we can bring someone. Just be quite. Just shut the fuck up and be there.”
“One day you look at the world with eyes full of wonder, then suddenly you lose yourself in your thoughts, and I… I find myself wishing you would find your way back through me.”
“I loved him. I loved him in a clumsy, ridiculous way, but that was unmistakably love; a feeling I had craved for so long, I’d almost lost hope. It made perfect sense that it was James who gifted it to me.”
“El respeto podía construir un imperio. La confianza podía hacerlo irrompible.”
“I love you, but that doesn't mean that I have to always agree with you.”
“Roberto didn’t say a word, but our fingers intertwined. He held my hand tightly and I almost cried as I realized that was the most intimate gesture I had ever shared with another person in my whole life.”
“I don't want to fall in love, I want to rise with love.”
“In the entire tale Of anarchy and pandemonium If there is anything That solace brings, It is that little thing Called love.”
“Your words whispered into my ears made me feel that I was a song whose lyrics were being embossed by you in my heart!”
“Why would you want to be there in my present if you can't promise to be there in my future?”
“Let them go if they always have an excuse to stay away from you.”
“Liking someone is born from a single thing, But loving someone means accepting their everything.”
“An instant is converted into a moment, minutes into hours, days pass into months, months into years, and years into centuries. This world was born and died, the universe expanded and collapsed, and sometimes I wonder if you know I am still waiting for you.”
“Someone who smiles too much with you can sometimes frown too much with you at your back”
“True love is exposing all the pieces.”
“He believed that love had nothing to do with 'plans for tomorrow' or 'memories of yesterday'. Love could only be here and now. One of his earlier e-mails to her had ended with this note: 'I'm a Sufi, the child of the present moment'.”
“Sometimes you'll mistake need for love. Be careful”
“When the situation is good, there will be a lot of crowd around, without being successful even stories do not come to the fore.”
“You could say that love hates intellectuals. Love and genius don't mix.”
“In our generation, we are advised to focus only on the present moment. But it's history that will take you back to your roots.”
“There is no wrong answer in the world, it's just a matter of timing.”
“Players do what they love and love every second. Hitting the ball around the stadium makes you rich.”
“You can't blame the players, but the fans who waste their income.”
“Same world, but different time zones. Therefore, past, present and future are one. Three in one.”
“Nothing happens by chance. Luck does not exist. Whether it's good or bad luck or karma, everything has a because behind it.”
“We are two parts of a song. He is the music and I am the words.”
“We break ourselves only to fit better into the wrong hearts.”
“I hide you safely in my thoughts, always.”
“Connections of the heart don't mean much in the real world when they exist in some unfulfilled fantasy land of what we hope things would become.”
“Sometimes words get stuck in your throat and you let your eyes talk. Don’t look away because you might miss what they are saying.”
“Why are you always drawn to the broken ones?” He asked. “We are all a little broken.” She replied. “I am drawn to the ones who are honest about it.”
“Flowers of love are beautiful but all too soon they wither as the fleeting shimmer of the Moon.”
“You don't question someone's loyalty when they make you feel secure by expressing their love for you.”
“We were inseparable once. And today I hate even thinking about you.”
“We only break to fit better into the wrong hearts.”
“And once we break free we’ll fit better into the right hearts.”
“It's not a question of whether true love exists, but it's about your ability to purely love and receive love each day, that's true love.”
“I never understood jealousy, and I have no idea how some people find it attractive; denying freedom to the person you are supposed to love doesn’t really make sense, does it?”
“أردتك أن تعلم أن إحداهن سيرسلها الله يوما لتبقى،ُلتعارك الأيام ..تًختطِف السعادة من ُجعبة الحياة وتهبها لقلبك أبد الآبدين،"إحداهن" أرادت أن تجعل كل الرحلات عنك يرون سعادتك وأولادك ودفء بيتك ولمعة عينيك وراحتك  فيندمن رحيلهن وخذلانهن لعينيك،"إحداهن" رصيد حنيتها لن تنفذه بحور إهمالك لها وحبك لمعاشرة النساء وتخليك عنها لعدم تأكدك بعد أنها "هى" التى تبحث عنها ، "إحداهن" سترى كل عيوبك ومن ثم تصادقها ،"إحداهن" تعلم أنك تحدق بسقف غرفتك كثيرا لتبكى وحدك فى الخامسة فجرا وأن خساراتك تعددت وأن الأمس كان قاسيا للغاية عليك وأنه ربما ُأفلتت يدك فى الخامسة من عمرك وفى الرابعة عشر وفى العشرين فصرتَ تسبقُ التخلى عنك بالتخلى عن الجميع .."إحداهن "ستقرأ ذلك فى عينيك وسترغب بكل ما تملك من الأنثى أن تكن أمرأتك فى العشرين وصديقتك فى الثلاثين وأمك فى الخمسين ولمعة عينيك فى حفلة تخرج أبنك ودمعتك فى زفاف أبنتك وعكازك فى السبعين "إحداهن" جميعن .."إحداهن" أعمق مما تبدو . #معرض #القاهرة الدولى للكتاب #دار #إضافة للنشر والتوزيع #صالة2 #جناحB68 #إحداهن #إنجى عبد السلام”
“Fanaticism is the shortest path to ignorance.”
“Les hommes pensent qu'ils seraient heureux s'ils n'étaient pas mariés ; les femmes pensent qu'elles seraient heureuses si elles avaient un autre mari. Voilà le secret du mariage : il donne l'alibi parfait pour attribuer une raison à notre malheur.”
“J'aimais sincèrement le mariage. J'aimais ouvrir les yeux le matin, étirer les bras et trouver ce corps chaud à côté du mien, entendre sa respiration apaisée, les yeux fermés et la bouche ouverte, un petit sentier de salive cheminant sur l'oreiller. J'aimais manger accompagné, cuisiner à deux, marcher en couple, partager une bouteille [ ]. J'aimais beaucoup l'observation mutuelle, le signalement permanent des défauts de l'autre, qui comme une piqûre nécessaire, indispensable, pour dégonfler la vanité de chacun et surtout celle du macho arrogant. Je trouvais confortable la familiarité de l'odeur, des habitudes et même des tics et gestes [ ]”
“I heard the voice in Rilke's throat in Paris.”
“I stitched the name of my love as Paris, the anatomy of bone-sepal into untainted skin. A window in the room opened into a pastel-blue sculpture of a woman who looked like she was still in love after she had been in love, after the sun burned anew, an orb of xanthous filament.”
“Either we waste time, or it ends up making us lose.”
“My Heart is Talking to You Every Moment but You can’t hear those Words.”
“It's sad to live in this world and miss Heaven. But it's so sad, for God to miss us in His Kingdom despite having proven His love and having provided everything so that we couldn't miss it.”
“Decisions are not necessary in love unless you imagine that you love with your mind rather than your heart.”
“Men and women may not be equally strong or smart, but that doesn't mean they can't enjoy the same opportunities within society.”
“Loving To Much Hurts”
“My world is falling apart I am again breaking down”
“I forgot we could be like this together. I forgot that we fit so perfectly, that I can lose myself so completely in the moment with her.”
“Last night when I was about to sleep, drowning down peacefully in deep darkness, ready for a new adventure of the night, with the blanket embracing me with all the warmth and love. I got a small thought of me being a parent. And then that thought grew, I will be an over-possessive parent, And it grew, even more, I will turn into a paranoid mother. why?! Because I have trust issues.”
“When you face a heart break or caught your partner doing wrong things. You are hurt, not because what your partner did. But you are more hurt, because of what you did for them and all the sacrifice you made.”
“We heal our past by living our present love relationship.”
“You once asked who I loved most in this world, It's you.”
“Self-love is selfish in itself. Not any different from becoming a narcissist when you take it to the extremist.”
“Never fall for a person who only says that they love you but never acts towards their claim”
“We can all live together if we sacrifice our beliefs for love.”
“Where there is suffering, there is light. Where there is suffering, there is life.”
“Regret not that you suffer in love, regret if you don't.”
“There’s a common misconception about power in relationships. Women assume we need to think like men to hold power. But, I ask: why think like a man when women are the ones with all the power? You only need to learn about the leverage you have to unlock your potential”
“Dating is a game of poker. It's all about playing your cards intelligently, even if you must bluff about your hand. Playing hard to get is the bluff. Even if you want to throw all your chips in on the first hand, bluffing increases a man's interest in The Game. You keep the valuable cards close to test his ability to invest. It increases your demand in his eyes because he can't read your cards or your poker face. It also gives you a chance to see what he brings to the table.”
“The more somebody loves you, the more they will become angry with you”
“Enraptured by the words that I craft in my sentences, she loses herself unknowingly and surrenders herself to my poetry!”
“LOVE… Is My Engine of Creation. LOVE… Is the Wind beneath My Wings.”
“The real foundation of love lies in being shared instead of keeping everything to yourself.”
“Focus on your destiny and never waste too much time dwelling on past events.”
“It's natural that everyone wants to be successful, but many don't have the courage to keep moving forward.”
“Getting over mood-swings is the only path to success and happiness. Achieve peace of mind and live your life to the fullest.”
“Sometimes it is necessary to take immediate action, after considering all the alternatives. We cannot leave everything to fortune to decide for us.”
“Yes love hurts after all you FALL in love ”
“You will be served non bailable arrest warrants at your first encounter of a rare love.”
“A thousand dazzling Vegas turn bleak, when the soul shines with love's labor.”
“Those who succeed will be those who are open to change. Those who go in tune with the times.”
“I sacrificed my time for the greater good. At this moment, I feel quite ready to serve the world and humanity in general.”
“True love does not exist without the satisfaction of the heart and the appeasement of the mind.”
“It is ideal to love extensively but not excessively.”
“The greatest sign of true love is achieving complete peace of mind.”
“The happiness of an ignoramus is only temporary and he does not know its source.”
“Apart from wisdom Solomon conquered love, wealth and power were all under his feet.”
“The wisdom of the ancients decays with time.”
“Marriage is the best test of your physical and mental abilities. It's the greatest adventure of all ages.”
“This love we proclaim to have isn’t exhilarating. I don’t feel excited when I see him. I don’t wake up in the middle of the night and look at him with adoration.”
“There is absolutely nothing a man you don’t love anymore can do that you find delight in. And it’s never crucial things that take love away; it’s microscopic actions of inconsideration.”
“If you really love someone and want to build a successful relationship with them, be open with each other, be real to each other and give each other plenty of space, time apart and freedom.”
“I know myself; After a while, I'll pretend like you never existed Not like you're dead.”
“Perhaps she lived a thousand lifetimes before, a world that breathed on Love, a home that bloomed of togetherness, a wild crazy love that rolled between peace and madness, but no matter what held onto each other, that believed in growing into each other for each other with each other.”
“It could not have been by chance that God sent me among so many different mentally ill people. He was obviously giving a message  He was saying, "Watch and see." Don't make the same mistakes again. Don't try to exist by shouting. Never insult the man in front of you. Learn to empathize. And knowing your limits. And to be silent. Accept. Understand. And stay away! The swamp you call a relationship is not for you right now! You die. Even I can't save you.”
“We were the remnants of a life ruined by wrong moves.”
“I could not even guess that day how many more men I would say that I would say you were beautiful in dreams! But I greet, I made love, and every time… I said, I wish you remained as a dream.”
“I wish you could see yourself the way I see you -Adam”
“Winter is like fake love that warms us with its beauty and freezes us with its reality!”
“Some "hello" are themselves goodbye. You hear, you see, you feel. But still  Hello, you say. Welcome. Even knowing it's going to end. Besides, endings are better than beginnings. You know the beginnings. What you don't know  I am the poet in this story, the poem is you. I'll make you up in a minute. And you will become flesh and blood again. You will come as you are, and you will go with the version in me.”
“At the end of the day, every love is doomed to end in a Mustafa Sandal song: -You're contradicting my ego, get out of here!”
“I was angry. Not because of what he did or said. For breaking my hope with what he did and said, and for making me regret once again that I left Tolga. Will I always find the same men? Will I always play the same role? As long as I don't change, maybe it would be”
“LOVE DRAW THE WEAPON AGAIN FASTER THAN ME.”
“And you, dear frog, you have neither tail nor fin  But don't worry, you're with us!”
“Don't try to love someone whom I can't. I made myself someone to grow up in the jungle of the unlovable and still love. In order not to die. And because lovelessness kills people. An empty heart prepares its end. But don't force yourself. If I can't love someone  You can't love at all. Don't be fooled by its looks. All feral cats look cute. When you reach out your hand, you know you'll never get your arm back. And what's worse is that you left your life in their teeth.”
“We were emotional cowards of the average world. We thought everyone we said we loved was going to leave us.”
“Do not deny it. Accept it. You can fight anything you are aware of. Even with yourself ”
“Friends  Friends you feel safe as long as they surround you. You talk to your friends separately, your heart tells it separately most of the time. You can't even name what you feel, you can't share it with the world when you can't make sense of it. Denial is your greatest weapon on that front. The more you deny it, the more you think your feelings will fade.”
“He smiled. It was a heartbroken smile. And that heart wasn't the one I broke. A thousand mistakes before me, it was a heart that had been broken many times, shattered, fastened with plasters. A dead heart that looks like beating, that looks like alive. Can you resurrect a dead heart?”
“Everyone has sins You are my biggest one. And I do not sin that I do not know.”
“I'll take my hands off you, the waters will calm down. Let go of the blur. Let those waters remain still. More than just drifting with the current, I need to keep my head on the surface. I don't want to drown. Let me survive. Let me breathe.”
“449 / 5.000 Çeviri sonuçları Did you notice that December isn't over? It never ends. Neither November nor December. They both seem to have come to stay forever. It remains. It leaves traces. When it's gone, when it's over, you won't believe it. Moreover, love is not different in November. It's just a translation fault easily. But it's a good time to force love. It is the dream of entering the new year with a new love. You do your best to find love before December ends. And sometimes, you hit a wall very bad.”
“Kalbimi açık bıraktım. Kötü anlamıyorsun, değil mi?”
“You are as dear to me as the water of this river which flows without any hesitation. It is happy with its own flow. It does not seek any attention, nor does it wait for anyone. It has an inner peace and with it, it colors the world of everyone around it”
“There isn’t much to say about someone who has been absent but then flows back into your brain slowly. Actually, maybe there is. There is a lot to say about you and how I love and hate you, and how I know that this will be a continuous feeling.”
“It is devastating when you have downloaded the full movie of your perfect love but the other person seems to still buffer over his feelings for you!!!!”
“Because once you love it is gone. You love and you cannot call it back. CROSSED chpt 6”
“The heart resembles a feather in the desert that the breezes turn over and over again”
“Premarital connection leads to extramarital relationship”
“She knew what was coming. She could feel the scent of love in the air. She could hear its footsteps. But was she ready for it?”
“Regret not that you suffer, regret if you haven't suffered.”
“In the end, we all yearn for those heart's which are deprived of sadness and are capable of love.”
“She asked, what is success? He replied, it's a path of failures.”
“There was something between us, an unspoken love, a bond beyond friendship, a destiny being forged by the stars and beyond”
“It's all I can do, Give him something he'll regret losing The villains in my head already told me, That you'd never be mine”
“He had no future in the world: of that he was conscious. He had no future in this life. Even if he lived on, it would only be a kind of enduring. But he felt the after-life belonged to him. Future in the world he could not give her. Life in the world he had not to offer her. Better go on alone. Surely better go on alone.”
“On the dark stretch of life your love is torch”
“We were never supposed to be in love - for everything that exists inside a heart eventually dies.”
“I am a rusty machine with weary parts in search of my inventor.”
“I searched his warm eyes in a failed attempt to find a galaxy in them I hadn't already discovered.”
“Love prevails.”
“In the end, love, if real, cannot die.”
“Secrets bind us down yet set us free. Love is like that, too.”
“I watch you and I think I'm in love.”
“My darling “mum” perhaps, I will never be as happy as I was in the old days of my childhood, precisely there were no ghosts, no fears! I have never felt like I belonged anywhere, I tried the countries, the books, and the drugs.”
“روايه سجين عشقه روايه دراما رومانسى عن ساكنون سجون الماضى بذكرياته السعيده وأوجاعه أيضا . يأبون الخروج  رافضين بدء عهد جديد يجمعهم بمستقبل لا يرغبوه بدون احبائهم، فإن غابت أجسادهم،لن تغيب أطيافهم وذكراهم أبدا .”
“قصة غرام مانيفستا الحياة رواية مختلفة مليانة مشاعر وأحاسيس عن التجارب الاولى اللي بتعلم فينا وتفرم مشاعرنا عن الخوف والقلق اللي ممكن الأهل يتسببولنا فيهم بدون ما ياخدوا بالهم عن الحياة اللي فجأة بنلاقي نفسنا لازم نبتديها تاني من اول وجديد .. يا ترى بنعرف نبتدي واحنا شايلين كل الورث التقيل ده على كتافنا .. والا بنقع في بير من الخوف ملوش قرار .. بطلتنا غرام وقعت في بير فعلاً .. بس بير مختلف .. محتاجين نقرى الرواية عشان نعرف وقعت ازاي وليه وقاومت والا لأ .. كملت وعاشت والا عاشت ميتة .. عن الحب لما يبقى بيخوف عن تخيلاتنا أننا بنهرب لملاذ آمن وهو شرك عن اد ايه تجاربنا بتأثر على أطفالنا اللي عايشين معانا عن المجتمع وموروثاته المميتة عن الصوت الواطي اللي لازم يعلى عشان نسمعه ونتعامل معاه ونعالجه ونداويه قصة غرام”
“شهم شاعر في زمان غير زمانه ، يهيم حباً بأستاذته الجامعية انهار ، يورطها في عشق موءود يلطخ ثوبها ناصع البياض بنجاسات السياسية وغدر الدهاليز المظلمة ، يسلمها لأولاد بازوزو .. #اولاد_بازوزو”
“أُعجب بنوعِ الموسيقى التي تُعزف هنا، دومًا تكون هادئة، في مرةٍ أسمعُ الجاز وتارة سيمفونية بيتهوفن.  .. رواية اجتماعية رومانسية #ويتلغون”
“I wanted to tell them that he had changed my life and that I would never be the same, not ever. And that somehow it felt like it was Dante who saved my life and not the other way around. I wanted to tell them that he was the first human being who had ever made me want to talk about the things that scared me”
“If you’ve ever suffered the accusations of people who objectified you as an emblem of darkness, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever been haunted by the opinions of your friends, it wasn’t your fault. If they’ve ever assumed the worst of you, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever been judged by your own parents, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever been treated as an outcast, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever made a decision based on an opinion, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever been labeled, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever been stuck in the middle of a love triangle, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever been heartbroken, it wasn’t your fault. If you’ve ever cried yourself to sleep, it wasn’t your fault. As you suffered and grew up, your soul got stained, your heart got shattered and your body paralyzed, which drove you into a deep state of slow sleep. As you opened your eyes, the atrocities of your past were glistening over your eyes and you knew, you had lost yourself in a place of utter darkness, but there was learning to be done in the cold dark. Like seeds of plants shaded by dirt, you twitched with the want to rise. As you grew tired of the shadows, you climbed into a world that was finally making room for light. Room for you and for all your truth. You ignited not in the light but in the distant shadows of the dark. In your chaos, you found clarity. In your suffering, you found purpose. You didn’t ignore the pain. You gave it reason. You used it. You reveled in it. As you began your journey to redefine yourself in misery and pain, your heart grew fonder but you didn’t give up. As stones of suffering came to dance, your feet took flight, the sun tried to burn you down, but God threw a shadow over the horizon and you saw a ray of hope and chased your way over the mightiest slopes. For a long time, you thought being different was a negative thing; but as you grew older, you started to realize that you were born to stand out, not blend in. Now, when people put a label on you, you find comfort in your true self because, in the end, you are proud to be who you’re. You’re a survivor. You and I come from completely different places, our world is a parallel space and we speak different languages, but one thing I’m sure of is that my heart beats the same as yours. At end of the day, we’re all meant to be who we are; Our True Selves.”
“I hope you don't get stuck in the atrocities of your past. For others, it may just be a story but for people like us, it's the epitome of scars and a mountain of insurmountable obstacles.”
“I wonder what brought us here? The analogy of our situation or the void we want to fill? Perhaps, our previous journey was a complete sham; both stuck in the atrocities of the past; impotent to move on from our former grievances and after all this time, we meet again. Maybe, this time it will be different; maybe this time we won't repeat the same mistakes we made; maybe this time we'll do better; maybe this time we'll be better. But what if we didn't? What if this contemporary start of our new era destroyed us now more than ever? The question begs itself and the rest is silence!”
“Logic requires knowledge.”
“You are on the edge of the escarpment, confused whether to dive into a new chapter of life or immerse in the story of your past.”
“Sister - she was my friend, the first person I shared a secret with. Brother - he was my armour, the first person who protected me. Father - he was my listener, the first person I ever cried with. Mother - she was my "Home", the first place I ever lived.”
“She asked, do you believe in fate? He replied, you're the only reason I believe in fate. You're my safe haven.”
“Love gave me a lifetime. You gave me an eternity.”
“It was nice to hear his voice and nothing else.”
“Whenever a man looks you in the eye and starts chanting "I'm not like them ", rest assured, he's a thousand worse than them.”
“Their love wanted to fix her, and refused to see that she wasn't broken”
“You like me," I blurt out. "No. I tolerate you more than most people. That's why I want to date you,”
“The curves of your lips rewrite history”
“Our bodies moved in harmony with one another. Like a perfect orchestra: strings harmonizing with woodwind, Brass coinciding with percussion. Complete opposites entangling to make beautiful music. Just like us.”
“Love  Powerful enough to ruin you, Soft enough to inspire you.”
“Hey, Josh." "Yes, Shortcake." "You love me." "Since the moment I saw you. Since the moment you smiled at me, I felt like I was falling backward off a cliff. The feeling has never stopped. I've been trying to drag you down with me. in the worst, most ill-conceived and socially stunted way possible.”
“Love is a Bohemian child  it has never, never known a law.”
“Silence is beautiful. But sometimes what makes us feel loved are words of comfort by someone we love.”
“I have nothing tangible to offer but only the intangible, my love.”
“I didn't feel very much at home in the world, that was a fact. Now I do.”
“ora per esempio se io ti amassi per davvero tu mi diresti t'amo e sorridendo mi porteresti in giro con la mano”
“How precious it is to find someone who brings with them the feeling of home.”
“How precious it is to find someone who brings with them a Feeling of home.”
“You haven't been loved well, until you've been love just for sake of loving. Love is such a generous force. Being friends will opposite sex isn't always easy, but so very necessary to all of us, because at the end of the day we are all just humans in need of affection and care. And we are in need of caring, as much as being cared for. It is so very liberating to be in state of platonic, yet, nonetheless deep and honest love. The reason why I even mention opposite sex, is because as a woman I truly value and enjoy company of great men. And it is often hard to allow men to be men, in sense of - their right to self expression, their right to be affectionate and protective and to embody all of those essential traits that make a decent human being, without attaching a hidden agenda to their gestures of kindness and goodwill. Men, too. like to be of service. Men, too, like to be generous and kind - and God knows they are not only capable but also darn great at it. That's all there is to it, really. It is regrettable that often women don't feel safe in presence of men. Not so say that all men are the same, but truthfully, not all women are same either. I think when we heal as a collective, this gap will no longer need bridging. I am certainly hoping for it. Friendship is the greatest gift we can gift to each others. But first come acknowledgment and allowing ourselves to express our better nature without romanticizing or vilifying it. Love is meant for us all, no exceptions.”
“If falling in love is so beautiful. I would want to fall every day! Need you to catch me in your arms and love me like you do!”
“Sometimes I ask myself, "Was I too right for love, or was I too wrong for it?”
“There is nothing ideal about love, for love is the ideal.”
“Some choose to be controlled by hate. Hate changes the way they see things or other people. The way they think and reason. The way they view things. What they say and how they behave. Hate takes away kindness, empathy, remorse, humanity, conscious and respect from them. Some choose to be controlled by love. Love changes the way they see things or other people. The way they think and reason. The way they view things. What they say and how they behave. Love gives them kindness, empathy, remorse, humanity, conscious and respect. You always have a choice, and You choose what controls you.”
“In every generation there have been atheists hiding behind every religion.”
“In one sentence, you beautifully shattered my heart, yet here I am, writing a thousand to tell you what it felt like.”
“غَزَوتِ فُؤادِي فَاستَوْطَنِته.”
“فغالباً ما يأتي الملاذ متأخراً . ولكن ما أجمل النهايات رواية طاير يا هوا”
“The present does exist, but inside our minds only.”
“We must first admire the artist, the one who has completed all that nature has left aside, before being carried away by the beauty of art.”
“He and I were polar opposites. We didn't make much sense. But, suddenly, nothing felt right without him either.”
“Galaxies never say to the Sun : You are not enough! Pearl never asks the great Ocean: Why have you made me feel so small? Lovers turn to each other while never turning into each other, Their purpose is not comparison. How much space can one lover hold for the other? What kind of refined delicacy can one become in an offering? When we grow, we grow together - always greater, always brighter. Always like a pull into infinity. You are yours to love and to hold. What is the waiting for? Love and hold. Love and hold. When your heart is in growing pains, let it. Be careful of that fine line between being held and lost - Of that fine line between protecting and overpowering. Fine lines are for finer love, that like a wave foam yields gently.”
“مر على فُراقِها عاميين وهو فى مَكانِه لا يتقدم يَجول فى خاطرهِ كل الذكريات التى تجمعهما منذ أن كانا معاً فى نفسِ المدرسه حتى اصبحا سوياً أباً وأماً لطفلين احمد ورنا, أحَبها كثيرا وأحَبتهُ أكثر بكثير.”
“من بين كل الصور وجد صوره لأروى وهى فى السادسه من عمرها مرتديه فستان قصيرلونه احمر وشعرها البنى اللامع ينسال على جبهتها، فتجذبه الصوره إلى أمواج الذكريات الماضيه والتى تبحر فى عالمه منذ أكثر من 25عاماً.”
“تتوالى الأيام وتجرى فى حياه أروى محاوله أن تخفى الثقب الذى أحدثه الوعد فى قلبها ,وتقلل من الألم الذى تعانى منه فى صدرها منذ أن أتخذت ذلك القرار الصعب.”
“أيقن كلا منهما مدى عشقه للآخر وأن الصداقة قد تخلل من بينها الحب ليطغى على علاقتهما سويا ويرسم لهما ملامح أخرى للعلاقه”
“My heart was beating in a symphony of love and happiness I had never felt before”
“A poet, perhaps, could arrange words in a way that creates the itch of fear or the heaviness of dread. They could make an enemy of mud and damp boots and raise your pulse just at the mention of them. A poet might be able to push this word or that to mean something more than what has been ordained by our dictionary men. I am not a poet, my love.”
“For that one person in life, we all break our rules.”
“क्योंकि मेरे पास हज़ार वजहें थीं तुम को भूल जाने की”
“वो अनदेखा सा ख़्वाब था जो पलकों में ठहर गया न तुमने कहा न वो आगे बढ़ा”
“बस नज़रों से सुनो और छुअन से कहो ”
“कुछ वक़्त कभी गुज़रता ही नहीं । कभी भी नहीं  . है न ।।”
“Only love that is born without condition, can cure us of all conditions.”
“It's a tragedy to fall in love, is it not?" Arjun snorted. "One of epic proportions. As if your heart is dancing along a cliff with a smile on its face, ignoring all your warnings." "But I would have it no other way." "Yes," Arjun said. "I too would have it no other way.”
“एक आँसू ..है जो आज भी मेरी आँख की कोर में रहता है ।।”
“अपनी आँखें झुकाते हुए मैंने कहा “ये सारी बातें मेरी नींद को disturb नहीं करतीं”
“What our love dreads the most is the fear of never loving - not the thought of following the wrong hearts.”
“But how do you know I’m the one?”, she asked. “Because if somehow I were to know I would leave this world tomorrow, you would be the one I would wish to dream of tonight.”
“We all play and dance to the tune that's in our minds and ears. And that's what makes life enjoyable for many of us.”
“To lovers out there … People are avoiding love and avoiding relationships, because they think they will be hurt , but they are hurt by life as we speak. Life is hard, Life has challenges ,Life has problems or obstacles. You don’t have to go through everything alone. You can’t do everything alone. It will break you. It always good to have someone to help you. Someone to talk to. Someone who sees things differently. Always best to get second opinion. Someone to lighten the burden, to take the stress away. The solution of most of our problems in life. Is to get the right partner.”
“We all have secrets we never dare spill to anyone.”
“I love you louder than my demons can scream.”
“Love intensifies as it moves further away”
“If the one you love when you close your eyes, is the one you adore when they open, you are living the dream.”
“We called our madness by other names in order to make it palatable. We called it passion, except on the days it soured and caught in our throats. On those days, we called it love.”
“And somehow, the thunder in him silenced the thunder in me.”
“There is no time without change and there is no life without time. Not believing in time is also not believing in change.”
“There is nothing special or terrifying about devil worshipers. They are just individuals drunk with the love of life.”
“The mind is the master, at the same time it acts as the best slave that never rests or sleeps.”
“Love until you can feel nothing but Love.”
“Letting down someone who trusts you is worse than letting down someone who loves you.”
“ได้มาหน้าชื่น เสียไปไม่ทุกข์ร้อน พึงสังวรทุกข์ไปไม่เกิดผล”
“it's Really okay, If you fall in love with the person you want to protect.”
“Love never dies but sometimes it grows up.”
“मैंने ख़ुदा को नहीं देखा दोस्त मैंने बस इश्क़ को जाना है ।।”
“Caminó de espaldas hacia la avenida, hacia el lado del río. A los pocos pasos se detuvo, se asustó, y casi se enojó consigo mismo, cuando por encima del rumor de la lluvia y de los autos creyó escuchar un grito que traía su nombre.”
“I have not forgotten you. You threw mud at me. Like an elephant I bask in it and still carry you on my skin. Only fools lose their memory. I lost you, I lost you, but you see, I can still walk on water.”
“I may not be able to fill someone else but I have a responsibility to empty myself with the hope that it fills someone else. I may not be able to light up someone's lamp but I also have the responsibility of shinning my light with the hope that it lights someone else.”
“We were both wanderers, restlessness dripping from our wild lips like rain. And even if no place would ever truly be home for us, I found it in the way you held my hand that day.”
“When the leaves start to fall, our heart beat starts to rise.”
“There are all kinds of love in this world The kind of love when you get married for the first time The kind of love when you steal your first kiss beneath the tree The kind of love when you love someone else but lying to your soul The kind of love when you are alone and hug the ground”
“प्रेम .. जिसमें सिर्फ मानना है, जानने की ज़रूरत नहीं ।।”
“बेवजह ही ; कभी जब तुम याद आते हो तो आँख पोंछ कर कहकहे लगाती हूँ  . तुम्हारी पसंद का रंग पहनती हूँ ।।”
“एक कहकहा ..था जिसकी गूंज आज भी मेरे कानों में बसी है”
“काश कभी ऐसा हो जाये भीगा मन हो और मैं टांग दूँ अलगनी पर तुम सुबह की धूप बन कर मेरे आँगन आ जाओ ।।”
“मेरी भीगी आँखों में वही है जो मुस्कराता है,”
“या कोई सलवट थी जो बहुत चुभती रही, । । मेरी चादर में”
“उसकी पीठ को देखा तो ध्यान आया उसके चेहरे के कई नक़्श शायद याद ही न हों मुझे”
“दिन उगता है तेरे ख़्याल से रात आती है तेरी याद लिए ज़िन्दगी शुक्रिया इस मुस्कान के लिए”
“एक ज़रा सा टुकड़ा धूप का मैंने कब ज़िन्दगी से उसकी जागीर मांगी थी”
“And this was why lapses of judgement broke me. Because not knowing what it was like to kiss Luca didn’t hurt. But kissing him, feeling all those new emotions, then having to tear myself away from him? That took something from me.”
“If you are looking for explanation in love, you are not really in love.”
“The shadow is only the daughter of the light.”
“बेवजह ही ; हथेली में चाँद रख लेती हूँ  . रात से झगड़ा कर लेती हूँ, ख़्वाबों को वापिस भेज देती हूँ ।।”
“इतना close तो मैं ख़ुद को भी ना आने दूँ कभी ।।”
“मैं चाहती हूँ, तुम मेरी चुप बनो,”
“Mavelin realized there and then that her favorite part of Karen’s face were her eyes. She could stare into them and get lost in a world only the two of them could enter.”
“Loving me isn’t easy, but it’s a glorious adventure and well worth the challenge.”
“A lovely fork called Fate, Turned all love, to a little hate. It was no longer us, no longer we, Forgiving you, was really forgiving me.”
“Only pain is free. For Happiness you need to pay, and the price is your kindness”
“Happiness is just like a butterfly. The more you run after him, the further he gets away from you. But as soon as you divert your attention, it slowly comes and is placed on your shoulder”
“Togetherness is another name for progress, together forever, either as lovers or ashes.”
“Love is more than a memory, love is an existence.”
“Every lover is a fighter.”
“We only need a mediator when we lack knowledge of the matter in question.”
“God is the creator of everything. But He's the kind of source that has no source Himself.”
“Just like a fish that can’t live without water, I just can’t live without you, my lover.”
“Love will get you killed, that’s why I show love so different.”
“Time corrodes feelings like an acid; it destroys them in the routine of seconds, of minutes, always identical to themselves. But we were an interminable present, a shadow materialising, a ghost taking shape. To taste and smell you was beyond imagining. You were real. We were real, amidst the cackling of tourists, the stifling heat, the eyes of passersby watching us smiling, and the Fountain in the centre of the square spraying water between our comings and goings of sex and laughter.”
“I wish I knew how to keep the memories out of your head, sweetheart. If I knew, I would do it in a heartbeat.”
“What could a man say? What did he say when the woman he loved, the woman he was admittedly obsessed with, told him she could change in the blink of an eye? That a monster once did things so horrendous to her she’d rather live knowing only a few weeks of her life rather than reclaiming all the years she had before.”
“Show me what it’s like to be in love— to be loved —before memories shatter the idealistic mind I own right now. Prove to me that there can be so much more between two people than pain.”
“If you want to look at me, I want you to look at me not only in the eyes. I want you to look at me like you can see my once shattered soul, and trace everu crack it in with pure intentions. I want you to look at me like you can see the scars in my heart. I want you to see how broken it was, how it bleeds. I want you to understand my bruises and see all the marks from my wounded past. And lastly, I want you to ask yourself, would you still want to look at me the same way?”
“Forgetting the person who you Love is much Better than hating them.”
“It's a blessing to have someone who understands that your anger comes from the pain in your heart.”
“I, too, love to live unchallenged and alone—to live with nature—which, truly, I perceive to be a breathing and a speaking nature; there is a species of living in partnership with her to me. Some English poets do an excellent job of expressing these ideas. (from the novel Love or Sacrifice.)”
“To lovers out there   Some people in a relationship, lose their partners by substituting Instead of adding to what they have. Once they have fame, money, car, house, beauty, job, friends . They substitute respect , treatment, love and care in relationship with those things. That is why ? The relationship becomes sour and dies.”
“It felt like an escape But no matter how I felt You were caught Under another spell”
“I managed to slowly move my eyes away from the monster to the boy who stood with him. Time stopped.”
“Your trouble is my trouble, without you by my side all victory is vile.”
“A life without love is but death in disguise.”
“You are my sky, my land and my ocean. The breath of my life is you and my salvation.”
“¨En el sueño, me gustaba pertenecer a esa bestia de la noche. Me estaba devorando y dándome una especie de placer sádico. Alimentaba la oscuridad interior que había crecido como un tumor dentro de mí.¨”
“¨La oscuridad lo succionaba como un remolino, en movimientos circulares, mientras que el relámpago electrocutaba su cuerpo y lo rompía en miles de pedazos. Su mirada moribunda se había encontrado con la mía y dos lágrimas cayeron por dos mejillas distintas que se habían unido para formar una.¨”
“To lovers out there   Some people are good people  , but it doesn’t mean they are good for you. Some people may be bad to you, but it doesn’t mean they are bad people. It means you were not compatible. Its matter of compatibility. A piece of a puzzle always fits somewhere, if it is not fitting on the puzzle you are having. There is always someone you are compatible with out there, If you haven’t found that person yet.”
“The most important love is not for the Divine. The Divine is inevitable, inescapable. It doesn’t need love; it is love – in all its tiny, grand, whispering, explosive, destructive, birthing ways. The most important love is for people. They are what we must keep. ”
“We love to be forgiven, but we hate to forgive others; unless they fall on their knees to worship us.”
“No one can save a soul, but the Spirit of Love itself.”
“Most of People Don't Know Perspective of Darkness until they Love Evil One.”
“Grabbing her hand, he pressed it gently to his chest. His skin was warm to the touch, and she could slightly feel his pulse pounding against her palm. “Do you feel that? I’m not going anywhere, Haven. This is yours.”
“প্রতিদিন ঘুম থেকে উঠে যাকে দেখি, তাকেই যদি ভালোবাসতে না পারি, তবে এজীবন বৃথা…! জীবনে অন্তত একবার নিজের সাথে প্রেমে পড়ুন, দেখবেন জীবনের পথে আসা মানসিক অবসাদ গুলি কাঁটিয়ে উঠা কতটা সহজ।”
“प्यार तो अमर है, उमंग है, आशा है। इंसानियत से अच्छी इसकी परिभाषा है।”
“However well we got to know each other, there was always a magic. A mystery. We could lie in bed looking silently at each other, not needing to speak. Joe's eyes were never boring. He was never boring.”
“I either want a love like poetry or no love at all.”
“You can't force love, all you can do is, be vulnerable and reach out despite your insecurity. Whether the person of your heart responds back, is not in your hands, but a matter of cosmic serendipity.”
“Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life Love comes along and brings you a Fairy Tale!”
“You look like a Turner painting and I want to learn your textures with my fingertips. You are the most fascinating thing in this beautiful house. I'd like to introduce my fists to whoever taught you to stop talking about the things that interest you.”
“Ever make toast? The act of browning bread. Apply butter or maybe jam afterward. Once finished, you can’t unmake it. You can’t change it back to bread. That’s what love is. Toast.”
“Love should never be left to its own devices.”
“I love you more than my past. I love you more than the obstacles the present is throwing our way. Because you are my future, and I'm going to love you forever because you are my always.”
“But I’ve been trying so hard to be a different man; to be, if not kinder, then at the very least, better. I don’t want to lose the love I’ve come to cherish.”
“I always believe that sometimes it would take long, but it's better to wait than pick the wrong one.”
“A business isn’t successful overnight. You don’t get promoted in a week. Everything takes time. Everything that is important and good and worthwhile, takes time. I’m not the kind of man who doesn’t know that. Just looking at you makes me happy. Listening to you makes me happy. So come over here if you want, but only if you want ~ Aaron×Ruby”
“คนที่ทำร้ายเจ้าได้ มีเพียงคนที่เจ้าใส่ใจ เรื่องที่เจ้าใส่ใจเท่านั้น - กู้ชิงจู๋”
“I went to the mosque, went to the church, nowhere did I find a trace of divinity. Then I came and stood in front of you, all that is divine manifested in font of me.”
“It wouldn’t be GOD if He didn’t go beyond the limits of things men could do; and so He loved so wholly it swallows up, so deeply it sinks far, so widely it reaches all, so highly it cannot be attained else where; and to talk about how long His love is, is to never end His praise. He has loved us so perfectly indeed.”
“Love is like dust made of fine particles of solid matter- composed of many materials including dead skin cells of heart. A dust storm always blankets me and in the end the amount of plant pollen and animal fur tend to keep me safe.”
“She is a flower Soft and delicate Handle with care Be gentle to her”
“Stop caring much about someone who wouldn't think twice before hurting you.”
“Love is a ripple in the heart, a vibration in the heart, a throbbing, a sharing of whatsoever you are, a deep, intense urge to go and reach the other, to share your being and your delight and your song.”
“In chasing the love we want. We forget to appreciate the love we have.”
“We never choose to love. It just happens.”
“I could see that he could taste the salt of her lips, each kiss like a summer wave breaking on an empty beach. She was the fragrant taste his mouth desired. She wanted it all -- lust, love, the deepest of kisses, with the added touch of the most savage of handlings. Together, they wanted to be loved through the language of an honest tongue, devoted heart, and exclusive eyes set only for one another. No matter if they had someone else, they would, in the end, have one another. A false image that they would never forget.”
“Любовта е това, което кара времето да тече безмилостно бавно, когато сме разделени един от друг, и скандално бързо, когато се прегръщам. Любовта е да откраднеш час от и без това натоварено то си време, за да отидеш да видиш поне за малко човека, който те прави щастлива, знаейки, че това със сигурност ще направи и него щастлив. Любовта е да му донесеш шоколадов мъфин, понеже си сигурна, че той не е ял нищо от седмици, прекалено улица в мислите си за теб.”
“They keep bickering over whether there is life after death. I say, to hell with life after death, ask instead, is there life after love!”
“Can you truly see nothing, see no one else, due to the light he still casts over your eyes?”
“What is it about the fall that seems sentimental and romantic? There is something magical and mysterious about the way the leaves drop to the ground and how they shimmer in red, gold, and brown, creating a blanket of memories. And as you watch the trees become bare, a sweet, nostalgic feeling exists inside of you as you stroll the sidewalks that glisten with traces of rain, sprinkled across each path like little jewels. Your heart beats in a different rhythm as your thoughts dwell and wander about. You remember things that should be forgotten because they broke your heart once, and yet you allow them to linger for a while for the sake of reminiscing. You parade with the hopeless romantics and the brokenhearted down the streets, alone, reliving moments that once were. You hold on to these memories until the last day of fall, hoping that by winter, you will forget them all.”
“The reason I am always happy. It is not because I have lot of money or I don't have stress or problems, But it is because I am doing what I want and what I love.”
“Let me burn to ashes time and time again, so I may remove the shadows from your life's lane.”
“Don’t assume that people who are in relationships are in love. To me, it’s all about how in touch a couple is with their sensuality, that’s the only sign of love.”
“You are introducing chaos into my ordered world of cardiology. See this. This is your heart—a perfect pump. It's not just a pump. The heart is life, the holder of the soul, the keeper of dreams, and the place inside yourself where you talk to the angels. -Cardiologist Angela Perkins getting schooled on the heart by medical student Michael Harper in High Risk”
“ชอบเธอ ก็อยากเปย์ให้เธอ มีสิบไคว่ ก็ใช้เก้าได้ว่ห้าเหมา เหลือห้าเหมาไว้ซื้อหมั่นโถว เพราะกลัวเธอจะหิว - ลู่ซือเฉิง”
“ชอบเธอ ก็อยากเปย์ให้เธอ มีสิบไคว่ ก็ใช้เก้าไคว่ห้าเหมา เหลือห้าเหมาไว้ซื้อหมั่นโถว เพราะกลัวเธอจะหิว - ลู่ซือเฉิง”
“So let her love you. Love her back. And cherish every single moment you have together.”
“That someone is good to you does not mean they are good for you”
“While I knew what was happening, I hadn’t a clue how or why it had happened. I’d believed he loved me. I’d felt it for so long. It was genuine. So, how could things just change so fast?”
“There are two things in this world every soul wants to be: young and in love. And darling, the stars have aligned - because we are both.”
“Artoo, I'm switching back to regular handwriting. Calligraphy is hard, and I didn't bring my good pens. Or I need more practice. Right now you're sitting across from me, probably writing HAGS 30 times in a row. I know a little bit of a lot of languages, but even so, I struggle to put this into words. Okay. I'm just going to do it. First of all, I need you to know I'm not putting this out there with any hope of reciprocation. This is something I have to get off my chest (cliché, sorry) before we go our separate ways (cliché). It's the last day of school, and therefore my last chance. "Crush" is too weak a word to describe how I feel. It doesn't do you justice, but maybe it works for me. I am the one who is crushed. I'm crushed that we have only ever regarded each other as enemies. I"m crushed when the day ends and I haven't said anything to you that isn't cloaked in five layers of sarcasm. I'm crushed, concluding this year without having known that you like melancholy music or eat cream cheese straight from the tub in the middle of the night or play with your bangs when you're nervous, as though you're worried they look bad. (They never do.) You're ambitious, clever, interesting, and beautiful. I put "beautiful" last because for some reason, I have a feeling you'd roll your eyes if I wrote it first. But you are. You're beautiful and adorable and so fucking charming. And you have this energy that radiates off you, a shimmering optimism I wish I could borrow for myself sometimes. You're looking at me like you can't believe I'm not done yet, so let me wrap this up before I turn it into a five-paragraph essay. But if it were an essay, here's the thesis statement. I am in love with you, Rowan Roth Please don't make too much fun of me at graduation? Yours, Neil P. McNair”
“I remember when I was falling. Knowing I was going to hit the bottom. But falling felt so good.”
“We don't need to be in a relationship to express our love for each other. Let's just vibe right now until we're both ready to be in a relationship.”
“Remember, never take the mind too seriously. Thus, you discover that living life is so much more than just the thoughts about living life.”
“Creativity is a blossoming flower that originate within the silence between thoughts.”
“Awareness is the pathway to limitless likelihoods. Thus, you live life from a perception without mind restrictions.”
“Weekends, End of the month, your birthday and Valentines day will remind you how single and how lonely you are.”
“It's not quite right what they say: love doesn't make you blind, it makes you optimistic.”
“He lovingly leant his hand, I gentle offered mine, Together holding each other, We fell in never ending ocean of love.”
“While we keep on dancing our souls delicately embrace.”
“Loving is easy only when you are receiving love too.”
“Me miró y sonrió, igual que sonreía siempre que me decía un 'te quiero' sin necesidad de decirlo en voz alta. No hacía falta que me hablase para entenderla. Todo lo que quería decir, lo decía con sólo mirarme”
“They may not love you the way you want them to love you. But that doesn't mean they don't love you at all.”
“The content structures of our existence, whether of mind or body, are helpful in our daily activities. Nevertheless, these can also be very manipulative and restrictive concerning conscious awakening. Thoughts and emotions can be excellent students of life. However, they cannot and should never be the teacher or master of this mystery.”
“when you realized that all your life, you were always afraid of being left behind and losing people who were important to you, but never ever did someone tell you that they were afraid of losing you”
“Disrespect prevents love from growing.”
“Do you didn't ask me to leave. You didn't ask me to stay either.”
“My future without you looks better to me than my past with you.”
“Some Dead Roses still carry that preeminent fragrance, Some Broken Hearts still carry that preeminent love”
“Without jealousy, the flame of love will be extinguished.”
“I love you because I'm good to you.”
“Life would be happier if you stop opening the doors of the past. Once closed, keep it close.”
“It's hard to believe that someone loves you when all they do is hurt you.”
“Losing a sibling is missing the one person who you could truly be yourself with.”
“Don't allow to take you for granted. Not even someone you love.”
“nothing reminds me of you you are all i think about. you infest my mind like a swarm of bees buzzing too loudly, i can’t think clearly.”
“It is nothing special for the priest to turn into a scientist. But it will make headlines to see a scientist turn into a priest.”
“Poverty is a matter of mental state.”
“Everything has to start in the head, at the mental level, before the manifestation is reached.”
“We walked into the forever white sand dunes, and soon we were far away from all the people in the world. Everyone had disappeared from the universe except the young man whose hand I was holding, and everything that had ever been born and everything that had ever died existed where his hand touched mine. Everything the blue of the sky, the rain in the clouds, the white of the sand, the water in the oceans, all the languages of all the nations, and all the broken hearts that had learned to beat in their brokenness. We didn't talk. This was the quietest moment I had ever been in. Even my busy brain--it was quiet. So quiet that I felt that I was in a church. And the thought entered my head that my love for Dante was holy, not because I was holy but because what I felt for him was pure.”
“Dante, Dante, Dante. He was like a heart that was beating in every pore of my body. His heart was beating in my heart. His heart was beating in my head. His heart was beating in my stomach. His heart was beating in my legs. His heart was beating in my arms, my hands, my fingers. His heart was beating in my tongue, my lips. No wonder I was trembling. Trembling, trembling, trembling.”
“I waited for ancient portals, hidden doors and secrets gardens through which I could commune with you.”
“For we've all carried too much - maybe that's why, when we all lay down something, it feels like everything is leaving, and yet - too much remains.”
“There is a part of you I can't quite forget - where my memories grow flowers and the past outreaches my gardens gate; where the words I rather forget become a book of regret.”
“When I needed the comfort of your presence. All that you gave me was this loneliness.”
“Love is a dog. Which dog ? It depends on your experience”
“Silver may paint your words - but gold speaks in a way that outlives the greatest poets.”
“It is true that we do not use one hundred percent of our minds. Because there are beings, of the same nature, but who are considered as gods before our senses.”
“The deeply spiritual man can no longer bear all the noise of the public. Thus, avoiding general politics and the immense masses in his service.”
“What good is it to be sad after identifying the problem? You can only be sad when you are still confused, otherwise your sadness is just a matter of choice.”
“What should i write about her. My pen knows her better than me.”
“Walking out of a weak relation will always make you strong.”
“When your heart is pure and your love sincere, you don't have to prove it to anyone. Your actions will do that.”
“Sometimes people sneak up on you and suddenly you don't know how you ever lived without them. How you went about your day and hung out with your friends and fucked other people without having this one important person in your life.”
“With gentleness and forgiveness, dismantle the scorn. A compassionate heart for others is important. Keep your life hate-free, and love the people around you. It is vital to remember this: kindness is everything. Let there be no animosity, but spread benevolence for each other.”
“Is it an unseen force that propels you and me toward each other? Often when I look at the Sky, I wonder should I ask the Sky this question? Maybe, the Sky feels the same unseen force for the Moon, just as I feel for you?”
“I don't want to need you, 'cause I can't have you.”
“I lost myself in loving you.”
“We've all carried too much - maybe that's why, when we lay down something, it feels like everything is leaving, and yet - too much remains.”
“Crimson lines paint different hearts once your heart got broken by silver lies.”
“Sempre pensei, desde que me descobri e, mesmo antes, quando sentia que eu era diferente  e, depois de todos esses últimos anos, todas as maluquices que a minha cabeça faz  sempre pensei em mim como um problema que merecia ser escondido. Nunca confiei muito em mim mesmo, ou no que eu queria. Antes de você, eu deixava que tudo acontecesse comigo. Eu sinceramente nunca pensei que merecia escolher. - Sua mão se move, os dedos passando por um cacho atrás da orelha de Alex. - Mas você me trata como se eu merecesse.”
“Priorities change and so does people”
“Love on today even if it stutters.”
“Arranged marriage is literally an arrow to the heart. It pierces deep inside, but its fruits are still beautiful at the end.”
“Love on today even if it stutters”
“I want to keep it forever. I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life. Don't you understand  we'll lose it if we leave. I can't make an entire life disappear to start a new one. All I can do is try to hold onto to both. Help me. Help me not lose loving you.”
“In the case of a charity, you must give without any conditions.”
“Something special may become unnecessary in the near future. The unnecessary becomes special too. Mood swings. That's why there is always a second chance in life.”
“We all can touch the flame - but it's the moments we remain in it that burn us.”
“Yizhi gapes at me. Then a disbelieving laugh rolls out of him. "All right, let me make this clear: Wu Zetian, you inspire me. Whenever i lose hope that the world can change, I remember you. I remember how you fight for what you want, no matter what anyone says, no matter what stands in your way." He draws me into his arms and murmurs into my hair. "You're my polar star, I'll go wherever you guide me.”
“If grief is the presence of love without a place to go, then being in love is the presence of mutually reciprocated love that is all encompassing and grabs the attention of every atom of your being. It captures all our senses, and everything comes to a screeching halt. The world slows down, and we are in a state of bliss. It hijacks our thoughts and impulses.”
“Love after a time of loss can be a beautiful thing: it brings a new perspective, it decreases loneliness and increases companionship, and, for these reasons, it increases holistic wealth.”
“Love is something that firmly grounds us in the present. I don’t know if you can get more mindful than when you are in a state of being in love.”
“Love is like a cocoon—like a coconut shell with the outer hardened husk that protects us from all external harms because of its high resistance to abrasion and the soft white inside core, full of flesh that envelops us with its softened, fragrant nutrients.”
“Where can I find the true biography of God? All the so-called gods with autobiographies and biographies are not worthy to be worshipped.”
“I still love you but I don't want you back.”
“A soul connection will never fade away due to distance.”
“Everything dies once - only love dies twice.”
“Fear God and not men. For Jesus was a man and not a woman.”
“Your expectations will never be a burden on someone who truly loves you.”
“Everything dies once - except for love.”
“If love was a mirror how much would you see?”
“I dared to dance along broken lines and I cut myself - only to rewrite the words with meaning.”
“WHEN YOU MAKE LOVE, YOU MAKE AND TAKE BOTH PLEASURE AND PAIN”
“A LARGE CHAIR DOES NOT MAKE YOUR QUEEN HAPPY WITHOUT LOVE”
“Your eyes are a bonus in love. Love does not discriminate against the blind.”
“To lovers out there   Never share your sexual pleasures or bedroom activities with friends about your partner, unless you are seeking help on how to improve, spice up things or to make it better, but If you are doing it as performance appraisal. Remember  Not all of them will be happy for you. Some will want to experience that for themselves. For them to do that . It means they need your partner . Some people will go for your partner , not because they love them, but it is because of how they treat you.”
“You know you are in love when their happiness matters to you more than your happiness.”
“True love will always be worth all the pain”
“If you haven't loved. You haven't lived.”
“Arrange marriage main Love shaadi ke baad shuru hota hai Aur Love marriage main shaadi ke baad khatam  Haha Aur kuch saalo baad no matter Arrange tha ya Love Marriage.. Pyaar nahi bach Paata haha”
“The mind appears to be a very confusing planet in which to reside. We are lucky to be blessed with different mentalities.”
“Power is everywhere. Even in religions, there are still power struggles. Leaders are also everywhere, regardless of the size of your group.”
“Enjoy Life with Love, Happiness, Laughter, and smiles; enjoy your journey and travel it well with acceptance in GOD. Remember, It is all those little steps you take with GOD that make your journey complete. So keep the faith in GOD and always walk by that faith.”
“It's your love that has made me a better lover.”
“You've affected my life in ways you'll never know.”
“I kept every letter - only to be reminded of the wrong one's words can cause (to the heart).”
“പോയ കാലങ്ങൾ, നഷ്ട്ടപെട്ട അവസരങ്ങൾ, തെറ്റിപ്പോയ തീരുമാനങ്ങൾ, ഒരിക്കലും തിരികെ വരുന്നില്ല, തിരുത്തപ്പെടാനായി. ഇതാണ് മനുഷ്യ ജീവിതത്തിന്റെ ഏറ്റവും വലിയ ദുരന്തത.”
“എനിക്ക് നിങ്ങളെ ഇഷ്ടമാണ് . കാരണമൊന്നുമില്ല." "ഓ, പരിഭ്രമിക്കാനൊന്നുമില്ല. വഴിയിൽ തടഞ്ഞുനിർത്തില്ല, പ്രേമലേഖനമെഴുതില്ല. ഒന്നുംചെയ്യില്ല. ഒരു ബന്ധവും സങ്കല്പിക്കാതെ  വെറുതെ  എനിക്കു നിങ്ങളെ ഇഷ്ടമാണ്.”
“If you've never received inspiration from escaping into nature or after taking a shower, now is a good time to start meditating.”
“The wiser we become, the more we do our best to keep a great distance between ourselves and love.”
“According to the law of the oscillation of a pendulum. The stronger the love, the stronger the hatred whenever you decide to part ways with your loved one. Mood swings have to go through the laws of balance.”
“Ye know what they always say. There are three types of men in a woman’s life: the one that ye marry, the one that ye screw, and the one that leaves ye.”
“If you can't be yourself in a relationship, you don't have a real relationship.”
“Even in religions, handing over the leadership to someone else is still the most difficult struggle.”
“True love only comes from ordinary people. They are the ones who give even to those who do not deserve it.”
“Love is the lowest of human desires, therefore it is more attracted to the humble than to the intelligent man.”
“It is believed that hatred is only a shadow of love. I believe it can't be far from a mere illusion whenever someone is deeply in love with their significant other.”
“It is possible for the human being to achieve a state of equilibrium and not to desire anything in life. The state of not liking or hating anything that is presented to your senses.”
“Nature loves us so much. But like all strong love, it has to be paid back one way or another. The pleasure must be balanced with the pain inflicted.”
“Religion must be maintained in moderation at all costs. Because it's not good when the state is at war or at peace. The physical training of soldiers, not salvation, is necessary at all times.”
“Do not love those who pray and do not hate those who fight for the security of your country. Because without the soldiers, you can't even find a single day to pray in peace.”
“A question I ask myself everyday. Do I have the right to care for you?”
“Degrees of attractiveness. “Pretty” is attractive. “Beautiful” is extremely attractive. “Gorgeous” is “OMG, look at that!”. Yo above and beyond dear.”
“In this chaotic world it's only your love that calms me like a deep sea.”
“Don’t you ever forget that I never changed for anyone but I changed for you.”
“To lovers out there …. Stop doing the wrong things you are doing in a relationship, If not, then the wrong things you are doing will Stop your relationship, Stop your joy or happiness, Stop your success, Stop your progress, Stop your goals, Stop your life, and Stop you from breathing.”
“I don't want someone who balances my energy. I want someone who matches my energy.”
“I feel alive every time I take your hand in mine.”
“I know your love was a lie! You pretended that you loved me to use me.”
“Love paints the heart so delicate; so why would my words ever borrow the ink of their own demise?”
“Love can complete you. Or it can completely destroy you.”
“Our love can survive anything.”
“Humanity has come and still exists in the name of love.”
“Perhaps, it would be wise to flow with time; like a leaf carried by the stream of water.”
“Success is not the destination of happiness. It is an endless ladder that we must continue to climb.”
“The only true prophecy is that no one knows anything about the day of judgment.”
“God is love. God and love will forever remain a mystery.”
“MOST OF THE LOVE ARE IN HISTORY ONLY BECAUSE OF POLITICS”
“Then you tell me your favourite colour so I can send you flowers, your favourite place so I can take you there, your favourite book so I can read it just so we can argue about it. I know you want to work in radio, and I plan to cheer you on every step of the way. I might even listen to TSwift, if you insist.”
“Unconditional love is nothing but just an endless suffering.”
“The beauty of the quote is not to overthink it, but to compress your present thoughts into one line.”
“I can’t focus when you’re around,”
“God has nothing to love or hate. For, He is the master of hatred and His love is beyond all. He is above any kind of human desire and attributes that we refer to.”
“If you want to love, then love everyone. Because nothing and no one in the universe deserves your hate.”
“We are taught not to hate anything for no reason. Reason is useless in the realm of feelings, because you don't need reason to love either.”
“Ahora poseo el poder de amar, de sentir, de comprender, y de contribuir a la felicidad de los que amo.” - Sofía Bosco ”
“¿Qué es ese aroma? Es el exquisito aroma de una mujer libre, ese aroma que enloquece de amor y pasión a los hombres.”
“Te mereces el amor más puro y bello que existe en este mundo. Lo ansías y sabes que existe. Y es verdad, existe. No te rindas hasta encontrarlo.”
“The scariest part of loving someone is not knowing if the other person loves you as much as you love them.”
“Healing you heals me.”
“Sometimes you stay together only because you are scared to leave and walk alone.”
“With limitless and expectationless determination genuine love is bound to be reciprocated.”
“It doesn't matter where we are! As long as we are together.”
“Teamwork means serving without waiting for someone else to serve first.”
“Music is indeed beautiful for the ears, but don't ignore the effects of vibrations on your eardrums.”
“Love turns into hate and hateful things turn beautiful in front of our senses. It is because we are still ignorant of our own existence.”
“From young age to adulthood, love is all about seeking interest in your partner. Pure love only comes in old age, when all the fire of youth is extinguished.”
“Some people look for money as a means of success, while others look for value and a great reputation as the end of their life.”
“Money will be of no use to you if you still cannot turn it into great deeds.”
“My enemies pretend to hate me in the public. But I know they are secretly longing to be in my place and to whisper in private how much they've admired my works.”
“I don't see any enemies in front of my senses. Because I consider them to be my future friends; whenever they let go of their selfish love and go beyond their mere opinions.”
“I claimed that 'reincarnation is a universal joke', simply because that was a joke in itself.”
“Those who claim to know, or rely so much on knowledge, have blinded themselves to attaining wisdom in life.”
“our end of love was an end to an era of love.”
“Islam means peace. And if that translates to loving your friend like you love yourself, then love is my truest religion.”
“No one can stop you from loving your country, not even while you are serving your years of excommunication in exclusion.”
“The soldiers fight the physical battle while the priests engage in the spiritual one. The former gives us the freedom to reside in the world and the latter seeks salvation or personal gain.”
“Fatherhood must continue, no matter how many veils are cast on it. Because even the priest aspires to be called father, despite the prohibition for the majority of them to have children.”
“The hardest thing in life is to find yourself with someone, so close to you yet so far.”
“I watched The Sound of Music possibly a hundred times as a small girl. Everyone has their favourite or most memorable scene, mine was when the Baroness was with the Baron von Trapp out on the balcony that night. She saw how he was looking at Maria (the governess, Julie Andrews), and in those moments she chose to be graceful enough not to force his feelings. She told him that she could see the way he looks at her, and the way she looks at him, and she then chose to gracefully step aside. It's strange, but that's what I remembered the most as a child. I said to myself, that someday when I'm a woman, if I am ever with a man who falls in love with someone else, I would have the grace of the Baroness, enough to walk away. I always wanted to be the kind of person who lets people love each other.”
“Appearances can easily deceive anyone except a blind person.”
“Intellectual women have less time to please men. They care about the beautiful mind rather than the bodily appetite.”
“Silence is useful if you are an initiate and know what you are doing. But useless if there is no goal behind. It's a natural thing.”
“It seems that we can only describe silence by remaining silent.”
“The living have no experience of death, so we can't imagine anything practical about it.”
“There is nothing civilized about abortion. Rather, it is the main path for the decivilization of humanity.”
“Only money can speak a universal language that cannot be misinterpreted by anyone in our generation.”
“Your silence is at its weakest when you lose the desire to climb the ladder of love, wealth, health, power, and knowledge.”
“Some people are irreplaceable! Like, the things they do for you and the feelings they had and showed you … You may never experience it again. So be thankful!”
“If you really love that person, learn to wait. Maybe you’re not meant to be together today but meant to be in the future.”
“Stay strong, stay happy, stay calm. Keep your faith in love. New days are being announced on the horizon of the all hummanity. I believe in you. I believe in us. I believe in the power of love!”
“The rain always reminds me of your sublimity.”
“You pretty little scorpion on his nightstand. You mosquito flying into our bedroom, carrying all your bloody threats. Your lack of sickness, your threat of sting. Imagine me a frog, long tongue slithering out to swallow you whole. Imagine him, warm, asleep beside me. While you wait for his response, phone poised in your hand like a rattlesnake.”
“- "I uvijek će te voljeti?" - "Ne" , reče ruža , "jednog dana ću uvenuti i onda će prestati da mi se dive .." - "Baš čudno" , reče Mali Princ . "Da si ti moja ruža , ja bih te volio i tada .”
“- "I uvijek će te voljeti?" - "Ne" , reče ruža , "jednog dana ću uvenuti i onda će prestati da mi se dive .." - "Baš čudno" , reče Mali Princ . "Da si ti moja ruža , ja bih te volio i tada.”
“All journeys without a destination are still incomplete.”
“I will never love anything that I have never feared before.”
“Should you fall in love with someone, be aware that this is an experience beyond the time-space continuum, while your mind equates everything with time. Never ever fall into the world of words, for mind cannot comprehend it, and it is bound to fail miserably and creates more misunderstanding and displeasure. In a world of Love, you only express through silence, that's how it flourishes. Sri Ramana Pemmaraju”
“The family demands wealth to continue. The work requires family support. Wealth needs someone, the family, to consume it. Otherwise, it will be boring to try to enjoy it in solitude.”
“The best time to give is when no one is expecting anything from you. Give when others don't ask you to.”
“Those who arrive at the crossroads and do not know which road to take, you must take the one on the right. Because it is the path of progress or of returning home. The left road is full of strange things and the opposite to progress.”
“Meditation is the exploration of the masculine part of each of us, the “I”, divine will or ego, while ignoring the feminine part; which is the bodily or the matter.”
“Inspiration proceeds a wise man. Just like no one can become wise without being inspired by unseen forces in the first place.”
“History always discriminates against half-wise men and praises only those who have achieved greatness.”
“With the experience of life, you will find that love and hate come out of the same tread. This is the day when you will end up loving the things you hated with all your heart.”
“Our hearts are always changing or dynamic in nature, which makes it almost impossible to love or hate the Creator; who's the Absolute Eternal or static in nature.”
“Is it possible to hate without tasting love or to love without hating anyone before?”
“It was the excitement of the light or the fear of the dark that prompted Thomas Edison to never give up bulb enhancement. Either way, he was right.”
“Isn’t that what loving someone is? Taking a chance every single day that they’ll stick around? That the rug won’t get pulled out from under you?”
“You can't live forever in the darkness of someone's selfish love.”
“We can only stop our watches, but not real time itself.”
“Love had taken possession of Pablo’s soul, the kind of love that gnaws away at a person’s rationality, that has them stumbling over their words and leaves them frantic with desire.”
“No one knows anything about infinity. Perhaps 'unconditional love' can also be placed in this category.”
“Everything I knew I’d feel around him floods me at once. Loss so deep it tears me open. Love so strong it heals. Hope that grates too sharply on the jagged edges of my heart.”
“Lies and love don’t tend work together in the same conversation.”
“As he watched the leaves dancing with the wind while the branches tilted to indulge their rhythm, Drake understood they were just the same. Life and the events it threw in their path were the winds trying to break them. Hope was the leaf that loved to dance and go where that led her. He understood that he needed to be the branch to anchor her but still let her dance.”
“Lover off The Street (A Sonnet) Beauty and bliss are all around, When my feet walk alongside yours. Life reaches the pinnacle of being, When I'm annihilated for a smile of yours. Climbed plenty hills, trotted plenty jungle, Nowhere did I find a drop of sanity. Then I stood crazy before your radiance, And I got drenched in beams of serenity. I am but a naïve lover off the street, Without a single trace of intellect. The only thing that I've learnt in life is, In your happiness lies my upliftment. Business is measured by how much we receive, Life is realized when we stand hellbent to give.”
“We live in the same world, but we experience different moods and weather conditions.”
“Doctors and nurses will never understand your romantic feelings. Because for them the heart is only there to pump blood throughout the body, they cannot see anything beyond their nose. They also cannot point to the source of love in the body.”
“IF ONE THINKS MONEY IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE POOREST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS POWER IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE NAIVEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS PLEASURE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE SADDEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS REVENGE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE WEAKEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS NUMBER ONE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE LONELIEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS LOVE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE WILDEST PERSON ON THE EARTH”
“It is very easy to confuse a feeling with love. Remember, you can feel for all, but you can truly love only one.”
“Simple things are found in ordinariness - but extraordinariness lives inside things that are loved.”
“Simple things are found in ordinariness - but extraordinary things live inside things that are loved.”
“Simple things are found in ordinariness - but extraordinary things live inside love.”
“Everything' is infinite. Which will be impossible for anyone to know. Human beings only care about methods of survival and nothing else.”
“Since we believe that there is no one who is perfect, we can easily claim that no one is innocent either. It's just a matter of time.”
“Charming people are only good at seducing innocent souls.”
“When planning, you need to make the mind or thoughts clear like the sky, thus removing all the clouds.”
“Few have the mindset of employers when many are willing to stay employed for life.”
“Since you have already identified the problem, the solution is not far from you. Now it is about making the final decision to live a peaceful life full of blessings.”
“I come from the largest family on earth; it is called family of beings. All beings are my relatives. They love me and I love them too. (Page 2 of the book, “Philosophy of Unity: Love As An Ultimate Unifier.” by Michael Eneyo).”
“Treat every being with love. Remember the world was made for all beings not only for human beings: Every being deserves your care. (Page 80 of the book, “Philosophy of Unity: Love As An Ultimate Unifier.” by Michael Eneyo)”
“After getting too close to someone you'll either love them for life or hate them for life.”
“Every time I fall in love I fall more apart.”
“Our hearts are not filled with love anymore. They are filled with attitude, ego and doubt.”
“I'm not afraid of our fights. I'm afraid of the day we will even stop fighting.”
“Even your future wife / husband will be a complete stranger. Therefore, don't limit yourself to making more friends. At the same time, that doesn't mean not choosing wisely.”
“Between the light of the day and the music of the night I'm rocked by the sweetness of your love, covered and caressed by the care of your thoughts. ”
“Always remember that love, much like our faith in God, is the kite we must fly, even on a windless day.”
“You can't expect to rule anyone with the memorised laws inside your head, but you must adapt your attitude according to the time in which you are currently living in.”
“You be my poetry, I'll be your pages.”
“When I love you. I accept the all of you. The good, the bad and the ugly too.”
“Ali prava ljubav je vrlo tiha, vrlo mirna. Dosadna je, ako se promatra iz perspektive velike drame. Ljubav je duboka i mirna - i konstantna.”
“You." His fingers staying on mine, hot but steady in temperature. He's holding himself back as much as he can. "I am in love with you, and I want you more than anything else in the world.”
“И только любовь Однажды Ветер подружился с Тишиной. Она была молчаливой и спокойной. Это было так странно, и так не похоже на него самого. И он полюбил её. И они гуляли вместе по бескрайним полям. И он поднимал её и проносил над удивленным морем. Потому что море знало – если есть Ветер, то нет – Тишины, а если есть Тишина – то нет Ветра. И только любовь может соединить несоединимое и связать воедино противоположное.”
“To love with all your heart is forcing yourself to go beyond the physical attributes and focus on something much bigger.”
“Those who experiment and experience a lot in life have little taste in things.”
“يا حبيبيتي أنتي جميلة وزي القمر وأللي مش عاجبو يتفلق. المشكلة مش فيكي أنتي. المشكلة فى محمد وأللي ذايو أللي بيبصو على ال Package. أسفة مش قصدي. أقصد أللي بيبصو على البنت من برة وبس ونسو أن فى حاجة أسمها مشاعر وأحاسييس وحب   صدقيني يا أيناس هيجي اليوم وتلاقية. هتلاقي أللي يحس ويقدر ويحبك أكبر حب فى الدني"ا.”
“نفسي أعيش قصة حب. نفسي أتحب وأحب. فى كل مرة لما بتصادف وبعجب بصديق لية فى الكلية وبحاول أقرب منة بلاقية بيبعد وبيهرب   أخرهم كان محمد فؤاد. مش المغني طبعاً. دى طالب فى سنة تانية هندسة. لما حس أني ميالة لية قلهالي بصراحة. قالي يا أيناس أنتي أطييب أنسانة قبلتها. بس المشكلة أني مش حاسك. لما سألتو عن السبب. تحولت أجابتة من أجابة صريحة لآجابة بايخة وسخيفة. رد علية وقالي بصي لنفسك وسابني ومشي   على قد ما كانت أجابتة سخيفة على قد ما كانت أجابة منطقية. جوبتلي على أسئلة كثيرة كانت دايماً بدور فى بالي. أهم سؤال فيهم أنا لية دايماً بحب ومابتحبش "؟”
“It takes pure love to be possessed by the spirit of God.”
“Love with God is stress free.”
“Will you be my poetry?”
“Your love is a luxury I can't afford.”
“I can never get bored of looking at you and loving you.”
“To outlive ones love means to suffer - but to never love means to die.”
“I always wanted to be defined by love - while never knowing that these hearts suffer the most.”
“Live the life of Love & Love the life you Live JZC”
“I know our memories will stay with me till my last breath.”
“Love me for who I am not for what you want me to be.”
“Even in your absence I feel your presence.”
“Bila Tuhan Maha Indah Dan mencintai keindahan Apakah merupakan aib Bila aku mencintaimu?”
“Our biggest illusion is believing that we are loving someone unconditionally.”
“Our stage is set by love.”
“You are a part of me. I never want to live without you. And I pray that I never have to.”
“Prawdziwa miłość akceptuje drugą osobę taką, jaką ona jest, nie próbuje jej zmieniać. Również twój partner powinien cię kochać takim, jaki jesteś, by wcale nie chciał cię zmieniać.”
“Love should have limits too.”
“BE THE GOD YOU WISH TO SEE IN THE SHRINE; BE THE FAITH YOU WISH TO SEE IN GOD; BE THE LOVE YOU WISH TO SEE IN OTHERS; BE THE PEACE YOU WISH TO SEE IN YOU; BE THE LIGHT YOU WISH TO SEE IN THE WORLD; BE THE GOD YOU WISH TO SEE IN THE HEAVEN”
“IF ONE THINKS MONEY IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE POOREST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS POWER IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE NAIVEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS PLEASURE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE SADDEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS REVENGE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE WEAKEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS NUMBER ONE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE LONELIEST PERSON ON THE EARTH; IF ONE THINKS LOVE IS HIS STRENGTH, HE IS THE WILDEST PERSON ON THE EARTH”
“Love is the bridge that all friends must walk on.”
“Then take from me. I have more than enough.”
“U četrdeset trećoj godini života William Stoner naučio je ono što su drugi, mnogo mlađi, naučili prije njega: da osoba koju zavoliš u prvom trenutku nije osoba koju voliš na kraju i da ljubav nije svršetak puta, nego proces u kojem jedna osoba nastoji upoznati drugu.”
“Love is the glue that holds a family together and without which all things fall apart.”
“You meet the wrong people and then you suffocate the right one when you met, as revenge for all the bad experiences you went through”
“There is no braking system on the boat. Either go forward or stop altogether.”
“Love will take you to the strangest land.”
“Love means both beautiful and ugly. Because it does not discriminate against anyone”
“Africa is not a dirty continent, it is just filled with disorganized government figures.”
“The more fame I gain, the more humble I become.”
“I admire all the great people who have dedicated their free time to helping humanity move forward.”
“Those who hate to be socially involved, they are in love with their loneliness and those who feel alone in their company are the true lovers of social acceptance. Either way, life must be balanced between love and hate.”
“War can only be defeated by the arms of love.”
“Sharing is everything”
“Drink the beauty of the day.”
“my dream for life is that the world may be filled with light, love and understanding.”
“I used to think I'm in love when I'd lose myself in someone  until I loved someone I found myself in. ”
“It's me and you. Until the end. Even when you hate me and push me away.”
“If they love you, this will exist with you and love you even if it is like a friend. Love doesn't make you weak it is the strength that you need to win in life. If they love you, they will be there and never leave.”
“A FRIENDSHIP LETTER It's true! Friends, we choose them! There are different types of friends: childhood friend, first friend, school friend, work pal,   Sometimes, we even nickname them as (my love, my life, my one, my all,  ); and yeah, it is good. Unfortunately, as human beings, everything comes to an end. But let me remind you that there is an other kind of friendship, an everlasting friendship that we find in Jesus Christ. He proved his friendship by sacrificing his life on the cross for his unknown friends and He is the one who choose us first! As I conclude, I like how we do our best for our friends. But as a piece of advice I can give, never disappoint your Eternal Friend Jesus Christ by pleasing your temporary friend! And around the corner, the Eternal Friend is coming back. Maranatha.”
“PLEASURE IN LOVE COMES TOO LATE BUT LOVE IN PLEASURE COMES TOO SOON”
“What mother Teresa did for the poor, you did for me alone”
“Love is in Heart' it's enough !!”
“LOVE IS ONE AMONG THE GREATEST GUNS; FAILURE IS ONE AMONG THE GREATEST GUNS; NONVIOLENCE IS ONE AMONG THE GREATEST GUNS; LAW IS ONE AMONG THE GREATEST GUNS; TRUTH IS ONE AMONG THE GREATEST GUNS; EDUCATION IS ONE AMONG THE GREATEST GUNS”
“There is no cure without side effects unless it is a heavenly miracle.”
“We treat love as possession. But in reality, no one can own another individual.”
“All self-help authors are like babysitters. Because they have to lead and nurture us until we are mentally fit to accomplish anything in life.”
“Success is based on time. Therefore, you will be considered successful depending on the era and generation you live in.”
“The days fly by. I can smell the weekend already. The repetition of days is so boring to observe.”
“To hate is to acknowledge our ignorance about love.”
“Of course I love you, Naomi. I never stopped.”
“Maybe a crush can be like a book you find at the library. First, you're drawn in by the cover. Then, you try to find out what it's about, so you read a little description on the jacket. Maybe, it's says exactly what you want to read, or maybe it's mysteriously vague and even more curious. Either way, you decide that you're going to choose this book knowing very little about it, but you have this excited feeling that if you dive in, you might be swept away.”
“You're my best friend, too. I have more fun with you than anyone else, and I like how you challenge me. I like being around you and when I'm not around you, I'm always thinking about you. I want you to know I'm thinking about you all the time”
“This may have started with a war, but whatever it is now, there isn't an end in sight - not as long as we're both still winning.”
“It’s all about how you stay madly in love with your partner through thick and thin, through ups and downs of life. From (The Awakening)”
“Come to me in my dreams, and then By day I shall be well again. For then the night will more than pay The hopeless longing of the day.”
“I won't think any less of you if you break it”
“Patience keeps the relationship healthy, strong and happy. Sometimes, just allowing your partner to be themselves means everything. - From (The Awakening)”
“Showing your respect, your love and just letting your partner know how much they mean to you through your words and actions are the supreme activities. From (The Awakening)”
“Practice gratitude and remember the best of memories with your partner during your tough times with them. From (The Awakening)”
“Is love all about cute selfies and heart eyes? Have you ever thought about what it really means to fall in love with someone’s soul? Are you stuck somewhere between wanting to be loved and wanting to pass your time with someone? From (The Awakening)”
“No matter what they say or name it, I believe that there is a truth about love that we all need to know to lead a life of contentment. From (The Awakening)”
“Eternal love is real and loving one person for your entire life is possible. From (The Awakening)”
“Ending a long term relationship is extremely tough and recovering from the issues you’ve had in the relationship is even tougher and takes time. From (The Awakening)”
“Know their fantasies, their dreams, their struggles. Ask what makes them happy. Give them the love you wish to receive and nothing less. From (The Awakening)”
“No matter what, you should not forget that you both are individuals with different opinions, views and preferences. Expecting your partner to read your mind every time is not right! From (The Awakening)”
“Love is sad, just like the hate, makes you want to kill or die, 'cause love is love!”
“If you feel like this time you won’t survive the pain, remember that you will. You may not like it. There may be times when you don’t even want to, but survive you will. And thrive. And love again. This I know to be true.”
“LOVE BY PATIENCE IS THE STRONGER”
“If anything was really possible or easy to achieve, then we would all end up as employers rather than employees. Kings and not subjects. Rich and not poor.”
“Even those who kept chanting that nothing was impossible ended up dying with unfulfilled dreams.”
“The salary simply means becoming dependent on someone's pocket. Like a good dog who waits for his master to throw the bone at him, after having eaten all the meat.”
“चलो ढ़ूंढे एक दूसरे को, और फिर खो जाएं ”
“Division and subtraction are not required in a friendship or marriage. Only addition and multiplication of great things.”
“The act of divorce shows the immaturity of the human being in love. We think and imagine that we know so much about love, but we don't know anything at all.”
“Waiting to die in old age will not benefit anyone if you have wasted your youth and do not want to change anything right now.”
“We cannot underestimate the power of love in our lives. Only those who have been there will truly understand your feelings.”
“To help and guide someone, you have to rise above their feelings or emotions. Otherwise, you can't help if you want to stay at the same level as them.”
“I hope that real love and truth are stronger in the end than any evil or misfortune in the world ”
“Too hot is not good, too cold is still not good. Everything should be well balanced in life.”
“You deserve someone who looks at you the way you look at them. I hope you stop fighting for the wrong people. - From (The Awakening)”
“Purposely giving up one's freedom to love was completely different from being born with it already stolen away.”
“Pure love can be seen as a torch of the heart that will guide you through the thick darkness and confusions of life.”
“A wise man does not wait to be given, but to always give first.”
“In our generation, we complicated everything, including relationships. We imagine that as long as we have to pray, love will find us in our dwellings.”
“Those who focus too much on respect might end up being talkative and flattering in the near future.”
“Find the love you deserve! From 'The Awakening”
“When in love, a bridge is constructed between two souls. Each year the bridge evolves and grows stronger and at a point in the future appears indestructible; when betrayal appears in the form of dynamite, the bridge becomes gravely damaged. And the betrayer and betrayed must determine if it can ever be reconstructed. Regrettably, the scars and cracks remain; some visible, and others hidden beneath the water. Gandolfo – (RJ Intindola) – 1973”
“Always remember, the little things can mean everything in a relationship. The little things that you do for your partner always counts and matters the most. - From (The Awakening)”
“The only way to get closer to God is to imitate Him and not associate Him in any way.”
“The more you imitate God, the closer you get to Him. So He is the giver? Also learn how to start sharing with others.”
“The main objective of the donation is to help humanity and the forgotten or abandoned souls.”
“I believe that poverty is just an accumulation of bad mentalities through previous generations.”
“This beast called body is never satisfied no matter how many times you feed it, or how delicious your food tastes in your mouth. It will always ask for something tomorrow.”
“In reality, there is no scientific or religious approach to curing poverty. Even some charity organizers end up taking all the donations intended for the less fortunate.”
“By curing poverty or ending hunger, we will end up with zero percent of thieves in our societies.”
“The more you learn, the more you know about yourself and the more fearless you end up becoming; or have more confidence in your skin.”
“To fear another human being is to sin against yourself.”
“It is only inspiration that can bring wisdom to an uneducated or empty head.”
“You know, he is going to stay forever every single time he fights for you, for the relationship and not with you. From 'The Awakening”
“When you love someone who loves you softly in a kind and gentle manner, who loves you fiercely with a heartfelt and powerful intensity, you stop living in fear. - From (The Awakening)”
“When you love someone who loves you bravely in a way that shows a willingness to face and endure danger or pain courageously, you stop living a life of lies. - From (The Awakening)”
“You know, he is going to stay forever every single time he fights for you, for the relationship and not with you. - From (The Awakening)”
“Love stays only between those two people who are truly and fully committed to each other. Love is for people who treat each other with respect, for those who always have a feeling of deep admiration for their partner for their abilities, qualities and achievements. - From (The Awakening)”
“When love stays, your partner helps you to grow. They will not make you ‘feel less’ on a purpose. They don’t end up abusing you with their words or actions. - From (The Awakening)”
“When love stays, you laugh together, cry together and stay together. The arguments would only be for the better future, for the better life. The fights won’t happen between you two but for you both. - From (The Awakening)”
“I hope you fall for someone who treats you the way you treat them, I hope you fall in love with someone who loves you the way you love them. - From (The Awakening)”
“One day, I really wish that you find a person who loves you exactly the way you always wanted to be loved and the one who doesn’t make you fight for it.”
“This time, I hope you start caring for yourself more than anyone else, I hope you settle for someone who don’t leave you in tears of pain but the tears of joy, the one who doesn’t always bring out the anger in you but just the happiness within you, the one who doesn’t choose to collapse your world with negativity, unnecessary drama or with their complicated words. - From (The Awakening)”
“Love is not all hearts, butterflies in the stomach and smiling couple selfies. Love is not just a fantasy land, I believe that couples in a long-term relationship would one day surely hit the unromantic milestone and that’s when, little things starts to matter more than ever before. - From (The Awakening)”
“No flowers,'' He kisses my cheek. ''So noted, rosebud boy.'' I look up at him. ''That's what the ghost called me— your mother. That's what she said.'' Baz is looking in my eyes. ''I remember.'' He runs his thumb over my cheek. Then my bottom lip. ''My rosebud boy.”
“When looking for a better half, LOVE seems to be at the farthest of personal considerations. You just wanna find one whom you will rhyme with. Rhythm fills your world with the right motivation for growth and living. So, finding a good better half is based on luck.”
“The world is created for all human beings to enjoy life. Adam did not have a tribe.”
“I forget that the world can narrow down to two people, a moment of vulnerability and trust. To a moment of love that seems to outshine the rest.”
“We're two magnets at the point of colliding. But rather than pull back from him, I relish this impending collision. I want to shatter all space between us.”
“For humans, dead or alive, change cannot be avoided.”
“Adam was too lazy and cautious. But Eve who came after him dared to go and get the forbidden fruit.”
“We have to thank our mother Eve. Without her, we wouldn't be here enjoying life.”
“Only those who are overly cautious and haters of progress will always be against technological development.”
“Wealth can still bring you much closer to your Creator. Since you will have plenty of time to worship and relax, instead of sweating just to create daily cash flow.”
“A TRUE LOVE IS NOT CORRUPTED BY MARRIAGE”
“Happiness--is that what this is? The word doesn't feel strong enough. I forget, so often, that the most powerful moments in my life rarely end up being about my kingdom, or a war, or about even my subjects. I forget that the world can narrow down to two people, a moment of vulnerability and trust. To a moment of love that seems to outshine the rest.”
“All that doesn’t let me sleep; is my coffee or you.”
“LOVE AND TIME FLIES BECAUSE LOVE IS THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME”
“ONE LOVE IS BETTER THAN TWO WOMEN”
“LIFE MAY COME AND LIFE MAY GO BUT LOVE GOES ON FOREVER”
“One who has never been in love might mistake either infatuation or a mixture of affection and sexual attraction for being in love. But when the ‘real thing’ happens, there is no doubt.”
“The price of a successful relationship is devotion. Devotion is, essentially, commitment to something we value. What are we devoted to? Surely not what another person wants. I think most people would agree that being devoted to that would be problematic even with the best of people. So, what exactly are we devoted to? We are devoted to the well-being of another person. And we are devoted to the wellbeing of the relationship. We honour the value of the other person and we honour the worth of the relationship.”
“To lovers out there …. You cannot choose a person, out of all the people. Choosing them, The way they are and thereafter, complain and want to change them on how they are. You should love the person as they are, then they will change for you when they want to. Not you wanting to change and make them. The person you want and someone they are not.”
“No wounds are permanent. All will eventually heal. So as the pain; all the heartaches will fade away.”
“If you want the best from a woman,treat her well. Good women are everywhere”
“We don't attract what we like or despise, but we attract what we are constantly thinking about. If you are thinking about pain or happiness, then you should have your share of it.”
“Being smitten awakens one's eagerness to fill and end the day with love, so they may wake and do it all over again for the one who holds their heart.”
“Love, my darling girl, is not a blood sport. - Jasmine Warga”
“Anytime you start to imagine being the son or daughter of God, then now is a good time to go back to your family tree. Also check your chronological age.”
“Whenever books seem so boring, it's a good time to turn to nature as the best teacher. This is the true path of spirituality or the discovery of reality.”
“The only cure for failure is to plan all the way to the very end of the journey.”
“If you continue to visualize things in the past, you are unlikely to make much progress in the present and the future.”
“Love is the only key to open the doors of paradise.”
“Money is a neutral thing. It means that it can be the main source of your miseries or your happiness. In the wrong hands, it is only harmful, but beneficial in the right hands.”
“Love is enough. Its society's views and old-world thinking that broke everything.”
“I hope there's mystery and poetry in your life. I hope you gaze at the moon and smile. Let me tell you that everything is uncertain but not the touch of my hands nor the love in our eyes.”
“El amor debería hacerte sentir bien contigo mismo y con la persona que eres cuando estás con quien quieres. El amor debería hacerte sentir aceptado tal como eres.”
“A veces, perdemos mucha parte de nosotros mismos por las personas que amamos.”
“Your journey to heaven is coming faster than I can breathe.”
“¿Es mejor amar y haber perdido o no haber amado nunca?”
“El verdadero matrimonio empieza antes del día de la boda. Y los esfuerzos del matrimonio continúan mucho después de que termine la ceremonia. Un breve momento y el trazo de una pluma es todo cuanto se necesita para crear el vínculo legal del matrimonio, pero hace falta una vida entera de amor, compromiso, perdón y transigencia para que un matrimonio sea duradero y eterno.”
“LOVE IS ALWAYS CORRUPTED BY PLEASURE”
“LOVE WILL FIRST KISS YOU AND THEN HIT YOU”
“Love Is What You Feel, Say & Do”
“I have learned that deep kisses can make time stand still; a touch can soothe your soul, and a smile, can warm your heart.”
“Definitivamente, lo sé. Sé que por mucho que te esfuerces y quieras que funcione, si va mal, irá mal. Sé que puedes querer a alguien, pero eso no significa que seas su media naranja. Y sé que, por extrañas que sean las circunstancias, cuando descubres el amor, tienes que aferrarte a él, cuidarlo y no dejarlo ir.”
“Allá donde vaya, tú siempre estarás conmigo. Tu imagen vive en mi corazón.”
“If you love her, let her know; if you are not sure about her, let her go. If you love him, it will show; if you are not sure about him, let him go. Waste no time attaching to detach only grasp what you desire to hold to - otherwise, why even reach for what you've no need to cherish in your hold? This is folly, this is not the action of the wise and the old. Cease reaching for what tempts and reach for what rewards lest your hands continue to callous from your relentless need to reach for what most assuredly burns.”
“My science is you, my art is you. The morning of my mind is you.”
“LOVE WITH THE INTENTION TO UNDERSTAND, NOT WITH THE INTENTION TO UNDERTAKE”
“LOVE IS PERMISSIVE, DON’T EMPHASIZE ON MAKING IT POSSESSIVE”
“Mirar a una persona a los ojos y saber que ella es todos tus motivos para volver siempre a casa.”
“Mi abuela me dijo una vez que el amor y el odio son el mismo sentimientos bajo circunstancias distintas. La pasión es la misma. El dolor es el mismo. ¿Y eso tan raro que te arde en el pecho? Lo mismo.”
“Aceptar el hecho de que amabas a alguien era mucho más difícil que enamorarte de esa persona. Llevaba tiempo. Y requería valor.”
“El amor, el auténtico, era dejarse guiar por la persona amada con los ojos vendados y las manos atadas, y tener la capacidad de entregar las riendas sin miedo a equivocarte. No había mayor acto de sumisión que rendirse al verdadero amor.”
“El amor te empuja a hacer locuras y cosas irracionales. El amor y la muerte están conectados por una cuerda invisible. Tira demasiado fuerte y te habrás ido.”
“No hay nada en la tierra que pueda superar el alivio que se siente cuando alguien te coge la mano en la oscuridad, cuando más perdido y asustado estás.”
“Estar enamorado significa que vas a arriesgarte por completo, hasta las partes más sensibles, a que te hieran.”
“Porque, comprendí de repente, a veces es más necesario reunirse a medio camino, pero en otras ocasiones lo que quieres es satisfacer a la otra persona yendo hacia ella. Y eso , eso es amor.”
“Y la verdad que me había enseñado el amor era que sólo se puede ser fuerte una vez que se es lo suficientemente valiente para romperse, y dejar que el lugar que ocupó el dolor se llene de amor en tu interior.”
“Love is a greatest strength, you can win the world by love or for love”
“Romance is important in the daily life. Not just love and relationships, those are easy. But the act of doing something, working on your art, listening to the world around you. The old world lives, so remember to love it, the world, the actions.”
“Romance is important in the daily life. Not just love and relationships, those are easy. But the act of doing something, working on your art, listening to the world around you. The old world lives, so remember to love it, the world, the actions”
“A MAN DOES NOT SEEK HIS WOMAN, HIS LOVE SEEKS HIS WOMAN”
“I used to think that love was the greatest reason to be human, I truly believed that. But now, it has dawned on me, that love may in fact be just like any other aspect of life: something that could go extremely well but also could go terribly wrong. We think that love acts as a guarantee for good things; but it doesn't. It's equal parts the possibility of Hell as much as it is the possibility of Heaven. And this realisation kind of makes you a little sad, in a way. That at the end of the day, you must always be your own home and your own Heaven.”
“How do you know it's love and not obsession?”
“You will only look for past events when the present is unsatisfactory. The secret to enjoying the present moment is to make it more satisfying than the past. Go beyond the limits.”
“The power of love is so strong; to the point where you want to do something after knowing it won't be good for you.”
“Everyone thinks and imagines that life is easier on the other side. Their minds swing like a pendulum.”
“The facts are only beneficial for survival in bodily wandering. Apart from that, you are left on your own.”
“¿Cómo describirías el amor en menos de 140 caracteres? Respuesta: Como si alguien estuviera apretándote el corazón, pero no quisieras que te lo soltara porque entonces el dolor sería todavía peor.”
“Las verdaderas historias de amor no terminan nunca.”
“Aku sibuk menata hati, Sedang kamu datang lagi,.”
“Disabilities mean nothing if you have a loving parent Parent of a child with a disability must have love Love endures and gives love and support Support your child and be thankful for every second Second of praying means a lot to God to parents Parents Exist”
“Unconditional love must be provided Provided to all your children without exceptions Exceptions do not exist. Learn how to present your love Love because if you do not, you will regret Regret should not be in your dictionary but support Support your children. Know-how because each one is different Different actions mean different results for Parents Parents Exist”
“Only repetition with a goal in mind can truly lead to mastery. Sometimes you can keep rehearsing without learning anything new.”
“I denounced the body and the mind. Still, that doesn't mean I should refrain from feeding the beast.”
“Who are the best sinners between corporeal and spiritual beings?”
“Anytime a son-in-law does something wrong, he can easily become a son-out-law.”
“According to the ideology of reincarnation, Earth is both your heaven and your hell. Everything is paid for and rewarded here.”
“You can imagine or pretend to know your partner, but you will still be surprised at the end of the day.”
“The ego can be found in the heart, which in turn is the mother of all desires.”
“Wealth or no wealth, you can't keep someone else under your feet forever. False love doesn't care about the environment.”
“When the give-and-take loop is interrupted for so long, one cannot expect that link to stay attached. This will result in separation or even divorce in the marriage.”
“Time and effective communication are the best medicine in love. Consider all the imbalances and get back to normal. Literally fixing your love life with your partner.”
“You can only understand the uselessness of money if you find yourself in a desert with a handful of a bag of money. You will starve to death.”
“God can give you anything, but not make you immune to temptation and be patient in life. This is where freedom of choice, free will, comes into play.”
“Without women there is no party and celebration. This is when all the fun begins. They are partying animals by nature.”
“God does not accept a challenge unless victory is already guaranteed.”
“REALITY IS BOTH TO LOVE AND TO FORGET”
“PLEASURE SHOULD NOT BE COUNTED FOR LOVE AND LOVE SHOULD NOT BE ACCOUNTED FOR PLEASURE”
“A veces, ni siquiera te das cuenta de que algo no te conviene hasta que llega alguien y te cambia, te hace querer ser más.”
“Eso es el amor. El sentirse tan perdido que, cuando recibes todo lo que el otro quiere darte, el sentimiento es tan grande que te sobrecoge. Una emoción contradictoria que te llena por dentro hasta dejarte sin aliento.”
“El dolor no termina cuando pierdes a la persona que amas. El dolor está en la pérdida, en verla con otra persona y no poder hacer nada porque sabes que no puedes darle la vida que se merece.”
“You’re Hell’s little whore, aren’t you?”
“I want you. Irrevocably.”
“We use people Whether we want to admit it or not. We use people for moments Or months Or years. It’s a selfish thing we do. Telling someone We ´ll love them forever. Until that forever ends, After however long. You couldn’t have fathomed an end when you were with them, And now u can’t imagine a world In wich you’re still there. Our forevers are so fleeting They almost mean nothing. so i stopped saying it. It’s enough to say „Ily“, And have it end there. I won’t soil already perfect words with a time stamp. Because even forever has an Expiration date. No always. No forever. Just now.”
“Never allow your mind to decide what you have, when your heart knows what you want.”
“Eternal Love is carried in the hearts of one man & one woman through many lifetimes.”
“Love, what is love?”
“The last words you should say to anyone at night—whether it’s your spouse, your children, your dog, your cat or yourself—are “I love you.”
“Love everyone, but don’t give your heart to just anyone. Your heart is not a gift, it is the prize.”
“( ) well, there's a girl I used to know, and I wasn't sure if I should find her and talk to her or if I should just forget about it. ( ) Oh! You must go to her and implore her. You must call her your Terpsichore, your Echo, your Clytemnestra. You must write poems for her, mighty odes - I shall help you write them - and thus - and only thus - shall you win your true love's heart.”
“Happiness, love, contentment, peace, fulfillment and freedom will be attained only after self-knowledge in the realization of God; The very source of everything we experience is within us that which needs nothing from the outside world but needs to realize the true nature of the self. There is nothing outside that can satiate the hunger of your soul.”
“You know I love you,” he murmurs. “Always. No matter what. Forever.”
“TIME WAITS FOR LOVE”
“GOD, TRUTH, LOVE, AND TIME PRESENT NO EVIDENCE”
“I always can feel you wherever you are because we are sharing One Soul.”
“Seeing his face so soft and full of concern made her heart melt like sealing wax over her father’s letters. And Peyton had already stamped his mark into the tender mess.”
“Love lights the way.”
“Love is the strongest magic.”
“Love heals, fulfills, and completes. It is the one true magic.”
“Love is to hold on to one another, build a life together, and let go of everything else.”
“Love changes as you get older. It isn't just about that initial rush of feeling; it's about the capacity for mutual respect and compromise. It's about how two people take care of each other, humor each other, and trust each other.”
“If you’re looking for love, look inside first.”
“- لَيتَكَ لم تأتِ قَطُّ يا حبيبي. - اكتُبي لي أي سيناريو آخر يُمكنني من رؤيتك دون أن أقع في حُبِّكِ، تخلَّصي من التفاصيل المؤدِّية إلى عينيكِ، واحذفي المشاهد التي لا جدوى منها وأنتِ تغلقين بابك في وجهي دون أن تَرِقِّي لقلب مريضٍ بِكِ، امحي كل هذا الحشو الغنيِّ بابتسامِكِ ولَهوِكِ، غيرِّي أسباب اللقاء إذًا، رتِّبي لقاءً جامِدًا بدلًا من لقاء شاعريٍّ لا يُنسَى، عودي بنا لنقطة ما قبل القضاء والقدر لننسف كل ما حدث وننثر رماده على الشطآن التي أشبعناها حُبًّا وقُبلات”
“When you love what you have, you have everything you need in every aspects.”
“TURN YOUR PAIN INTO SENSE; TURN YOUR SENSE INTO FEELINGS; TURN YOUR FEELINGS INTO LOVE; TURN YOUR LOVE INTO WISDOM; TURN YOUR WISDOM INTO WINGS”
“I don't know what steps I'm going to take I don't know what kind of truth I'm looking for—I just know that not knowing it is intolerable for me.”
“How difficult it is to be sighted in a blind society!”
“No hay ningún amor que sea completamente recíproco. Nunca es equilibrado. Nunca es justo. Siempre hay una parte que ama más. Y es mejor que no te conviertas en esa parte, porque es la que peor lo pasa.”
“Quizá no necesitabas conocer a alguien para quererlo. Solo necesitabas saber qué corazón tenía.”
“Lo que te degrada es el hecho de arrodillarte en sí. Pero no te humillas cuando te arrodillas por alguien que se merece tu dignidad.”
“NOBODY FORGETS THE FIRST KISS AND THE FIRST GOAL”
“Her first love was like lavender, delicate and melancholic.”
“Aroused Passion Oh God Let all lovers be content Give them happy endings Let their lives be celebrations Let their hearts dance in the fire of your love My sweetheart You have aroused my passion Your touch has filled me with desire I am no longer separate from you These are precious moments I beseech you Don’t let me wait Let me merge with you”
“Love being the strongest thing in this Universe isn't always a good thing. It just implies that broken hearts can break worlds.”
“Without Love, we are just bodies, like biological robots. Love makes us truly alive! Love turns the light on inside our hearts & makes us shine!”
“The silence of a wise man is enough to defeat a fool.”
“All I’ve ever wanted was a home so I could rest; but even the years were left empty with no heart to call my own and suddenly I realised the truth, that the words I kept were the only way to forget.”
“I am nobody, nobody is me, I hold nothing, nothing holds me. I belong to no one, no one belongs to.”
“IT’S BETTER TO LIGHT THE LOVE THAN CURSE THE MARRIAGE”
“A LOVE THAT COMPLAINS IS AFRAID OF REASONING”
“Twin Flames are the united creative energies of masculine & feminine. They are the energetic flow of total unconditional love.”
“Love gives the mind freedom to be creative, and creativity is the intelligence used to create beautiful things from the heart.”
“The sense of freedom you feel of being love can bring many endless positive affirmations forming a beautiful mind. Positive thinking and self-empowerment is a factor in the circle of love. What a fantastic sense of freedom love creates in your heart, bringing extraordinary creativity for a better life. However, we must never forget that without love, we have nothing.”
“Love comes much easier when we set our egos aside.”
“PLEASURE IS HONORABLE BUT LOVE IS NOBLE”
“GOOD LOVE IS OFTEN ANNOYING, BAD LOVE NEVER IS”
“LOVE A THOUSAND TIMES BUT MARRY ONCE”
“An accidental visit "The visitor was none other than the king. He did not know that he was such a mighty person. I did not realize it at that time either. But the visitor was the king. The king knew only two languages. The first was the language of plants. The second was the language of clouds. At that time, I knew the language of the sea. At that time, I spoke in the language of the rain. We did not recognize that clouds and rains have very similar languages. Therefore, we could have a deep understanding of each other. The king left my home because it was an accidental visit. The rose that he brought me was rooted in the garden soon. However, I do not understand its fragrant words. The king saved the key to his language for himself only because he was a lone proud king." © Ekaterina Yakovina”
“All I ever need is one sweet day and a good view with you.”
“If a marriage is a loveless pretense, & kept only for social status, both will have to face a choice: Pretense or Sincerity. Love or Status. In Cosmic Law, Love is the most sacred force!”
“I resemble a murder scene. It’s my heart smeared on me.”
“WHEN LOVE RAINS, THE RAINBOW APPEARS”
“IN THE BATTLE BETWEEN HEARTS, THE LOVE GET SQUASHED”
“BEFORE YOU MAKE LOVE, YOU FIRST MUST HAVE AN AFFAIR BETWEEN THE HEARTS”
“My love dances quietly - so it does not wake the memories of you.”
“I love you You are who you are because I am in love with you You belong to me and everything in me. You know it It is our dream to be together Together we will plant the seed of success Success will be so much different because we are together Together we will establish what millions cannot establish Establish true love for true Success Success Exist”
“If you love her, be a King and treat her as a Queen”
“If you love her, be a King and treat her as a Queen”
“Don't study about love. It is a feeling you have to feel it.”
“In love, both of them learn a lot to understand each other.”
“IT TAKES A LIFETIME TO RAISE A LOVE”
“Life is nothing but an opportunity for love to blossom. If you are alive, the opportunity is there – even to the last breath. You may have missed your whole life: just the last breath, the last moment on the earth, if you can be love, you have not missed anything – because a single moment of love is equal to the whole eternity of love. <3”
“So how do I overcome my fear of vulnerability and intimacy?" "I don't think that ever goes away. I think that the goal is to just choose to tend to the garden of love and bliss, instead of trying to focus on how to remove the weeds of fear. There will always be weeds in a garden. Don't fixate on the weeds. Just tend to the flowers. Be your own source of love, comfort and bliss, and that will radiate. Never see yourself as someone who will lose love if she loses a man.”
“I could not believe how much pain was crackling through the air, generated simply by Mayya's being there. Haloes of light embraced that presence. If I were to just put my hand out, I felt, I could touch those matchless haloes ever so gently.”
“Yes, there is something about sitting alone in the dark that reminds me how lonely I am and how far the two of us are. Not long ago I thought we could swallow all the stars, you and me. Now I look at the night, and it looks cold, you took the warmth of the sky with you and left only the emptiness for me to fall and fade.”
“Sunrise and sunset are all the same from an observer's point of view. As life is the same at birth and at death. The true Self continues.”
“Love is a door to the soul, it opens when you love someone. The more you love, the more you can communicate, and the more pain you can receive.”
“IF YOU CAN’T LOVE LONGER, LOVE DEEPER”
“I am. And so are you. We’re both real,’ she says in a way that touches every inch of me and despite the rush of fireworks bursting inside of me this is where peace lies.”
“Love shared is no sin.”
“Love is everything in a relationship and needs to be nurtured, creating unforgettable memories.”
“I know things might not work,' I said. 'And I know it's scary, but the things that are worth it are. It feels right.' [. . . ] It was like swimming under the stars, like sleeping outside, like climbing a tree in the dark and seeing the view. It was scary and safe and peaceful and exciting, all at the same time.”
“The word LOVE begins and ends with the word LOVE”
“Music is the only medicine I know of in which overdose is allowed. Its one sound has the power to mend millions of souls and refresh the hopeless at the same time.”
“Most of the people are placing too much emphasis of their happiness on price, rather than on value.”
“The smile fades where love ends.”
“Only a persuasive tone can kill two birds with one stone.”
“One wife is justified to the common men. But the higher you climb the ladder of power and success, the more women you'll meet along the way.”
“There are only two types of people in this world: those who die for freedom and those who died for their religions. Both are considered martyrs.”
“Relationship is like squeezing an orange and throwing away the rind.”
“The more possessions you have, the more attention and thieves you will attract towards you.”
“When you like someone or something, it is an affection for it. When you love someone or something, it is the affection for its soul.”
“He may be a star but she was the sun”
“IF YOU WANT TO GO FOR LOVE, GO TOGETHER; IF YOU WANT TO GO FOR PEACE, GO ALONE”
“LOVE BUT DON’T THROW IT IN PAIN”
“I promied myself that I won't hurt it again by falling in love.”
“The word courses through me ̶ a lover’s poison ̶ and I feel dizzy with exhilaration.”
“He sends me a poem; red roses whispering passion, white roses breathing love…”
“Within seconds her dappled curvy silhouette moves towards me. Our bodies collide, skin on skin ”
“It’s in our breath, our touch, our scent. Messages back and forth, now hundreds a day. Mostly words of joy, love, but too of lament.”
“FALL IN LOVE, YOU WILL STAND UP IN HEAVEN”
“The journey into love was so effortless and graceful; the journey out such a long and laboured climb”
“I kept our memories in me while I watched you lose your grasp of ours.”
“Love is there if you need anything”
“Sleeping is useless if you don't come in my dreams, Waking up is useless too if you don't come in my life.”
“I love the silent hour of night, Sandy wanted the sunshine never to end. She loves living in the city, I long to be away from it. I love kissing at night, she thinks kissing in the dark is not the same. Somehow the differences unite us, they pull us together.”
“At the right time, all the missing pieces will come into the right place again.”
“Ocean waves remind me of our laughter our first night out together, the first date beside the shore of the boulevard that was called to be the place of broken dreams. While some hearts are breaking, we tried to mend ours hoping we could make memories and we could prove that this place isn't always for broken dreams. Hoping that every step we took would never end that the smiles we shared will help us mend. It's never easy to trust again but I tried to gain some strength to try the luck in love once more. But you failed. It was always my love that stays. You failed the moment you choose to let go. You failed to prove that some hearts stay even if others don't. I was the only one holding, but not your heart this time. I kept our memories in me while I watched you lose your grasp of ours. It's never easy.”
“What's in the body, even an animal can love a body, it takes a human to love the person!”
“  the vocabulary of love was so tired.”
“True love is like a tuner, it can hurt and heal. True love hurts when it comes time to tune the inside to reality and it heals when it comes to mending a soul.”
“बरसों पुराने खत को मैंने पढ़ा और जला दिया, यह सच है खत तो जल गया मगर धड़कनों में आग लगा गया।”
“A heart can be broken numerous times and completely repaired by one soul.”
“If I cheated on my spouse or partner, and they made the choice to stay with me regardless, I would leave that person. I will never be perceived as someone who needs a nice warm bath to come home to after rolling around outside in the grass; a coddled person, an infantile person, a person who's choices are perceived as the mistakes of a toddler, only needing to be slapped on the hand and then coddled. That would kill the relationship for me, that would kill everything. I'm not an inconsequential flower, I'm not a purified version washed down to be palatable; I am an equal. My mistakes should be treated as mistakes. I don't need forgiveness for anything that I do.”
“Love is the wine as old as time, which quenches our lonely longing.”
“Love is free but its rewards are priceless”
“fame with love is the desire of anyone”
“deeds deliver you to everlasting life or no life at all”
“More inside and outside of you work out together to make you”
“happen to become my existence to give always love”
“Love is inside each one of us. Your childhood proofs it”
“Feeding an ant with love is better than feeding an elephant without”
“I am not asking you to walk away from your path, but you cannot stop me from changing mine to be near you!”
“You can't force love - either you force, or you love.”
“You don't fall in love because it's logical, you fall in love because it makes absolutely no sense.”
“You may or may not get the body, knowing this, if you can love a person without any hesitance, that my friend is the love of a civilized human, all others are mere actions of a good-looking animal.”
“Where there is control, there can't be love, where there is love, there can't be control.”
“A Dingbat Lover (The Sonnet) Better be a dingbat in love, Than play ping-pong with hearts. Better be bonkers in sacrifice, Than an arrogant smartypants. Better give all without reserve, Than be selfish and just take. Better be wiped out in service, Than take greed to your grave. Better look idiot and learn, Than be proud and stagnant. Better be trusting and cheated, Than a cynic scraping love's remnant. There is no guarantee in life and love. If you want guarantee open a liquor shop.”
“How to Love (The Sonnet) How do I love thee? Lemme count the ways. No wait, why bother counting, When I can shower you with praise! When there's sunshine on your face, Lemme drink it like miracle syrup. When your soul is blue and cloudy, Lemme be your personal stand-up. Your achievements are my own, As such they boost my swag. When you are mad at yourself, Lemme be your punching bag. Give me your body or not, I don't care. I just wanna be there to wipe your every tear.”
“Give me your body or not, I don't care. I just wanna be there to wipe your every tear.”
“Grow your relationship in the presence of GOD and always pray for guidance. You can't take love for granted. Idolize your relationship and keep nurturing the love you have for each other. It's critical for both hearts to make an effort to produce entertainment for the soul. A happy heart brings a lot of joy, and those pleasures create unforgettable memories that will last a lifetime.”
“Come To Me As You’re I’ll Come To You As I’m We Won’t Hide Truths We Won’t Tell Lies Come To Me, For Me I’ll Come To You, For You”
“And I just let those little things slip out of my mouth, words like I miss you. Please come back and see how much I do. Listen to the soft voice in your heart, all those little things that made up the greatness of our love.”
“Let us love out loud every chance we get; believe in everything we feel; and have faith in where we are.”
“Aroma of her bosom touched my soul”
“You see, love is not a straight line. A continuous fairy tale of bliss throughout your life. It's like waves on the ocean. Your love can easily survive the small or medium size swells but when a hurricane hits, that is the true test of your love and your partner's love, for each other.”
“He knew he loved her; he knew it to his core. He loved her for her kindness, her ability to laugh both at him and at herself, and her intelligence. But most of all, he loved her for the feeling he had when he sat next to her on his couch in silence or woke up next to her in bed, that feeling of peace and happiness. That he was with someone who understood him and everything about him. That everything was right with the world.”
“WAS THIS WHAT LOVE WAS? Being happy when you thought about someone; wanting to never stop thinking abou tthem, even when you were fighting; having every damn thing in the grocery store remind you of them, from diapers to sour cream; wanting to be a better writer and friend and person because of how they were and how they made you feel; wanting to be with them, all the time, even though you kept fighting it.”
“Acceptance and non-attachment are essential in the experience of fully living life.”
“The activities of our existence confuse and cause fear. This is because we base everything on temporary superficiality and details. Thus, we define our life experience as something to reach with strenuous effort. Mind Conditioning overshadows our life experience. So, most people view balance and harmony as a fantasy or paradise. Furthermore, the majority of people think or belief that we can only reach this paradise through mind details. And, still very prevalent is the thought or belief that materialistic things will give us happiness and peace.”
“Until the heart can see the future of the person you fall in love with, love will always be blind”
“The last child is becoming more beloved to everyone and more people are willing, day and night, to embrace him with all their love.”
“Having a boyfriend or girlfriend is not love .But Having someone in your life on whom you have blind faith that even if you hurt them to the extreme they will still hold your hand and say: "I was, I am, and I will always be yours" That's Love .That's Life”
“UNDERSTANDING LIFE AND LOVE IS THE QUALITY OF A PURE SOUL”
“Duše nikada nisu bile ograničene vremenom.”
“Mislim da sam spreman." "Za šta?" "Da te volim.”
“Break my heart' he said. 'Break it into pieces I give you permission”
“People can only love you from their own capacity to love. From their own well of love. I think that the greatest pains we've experienced in life, are those that come as a result of not understanding that we don't all share the same well. You can be loving from a well that's oceans deep, while another person has a well the size of a laundry pail. It's not their fault. It's not your fault either. But their pail isn't going to turn into an ocean and your ocean isn't going to turn into a pail. You have to find the people who swim at the same depths as you do. But it's also about the taste of the water; you see, someone can love you with an ocean's depth of water but you just don't like saltwater; you're a freshwater creature. That's still okay. When love isn't enough, that's okay. You have to wait for the depths and the tastes that match your own.”
“Everything is one presence. Universal consciousness is energy. And, this vibrating flow becomes more aware of itself through the self-consciousness of objects in the universe.”
“Only active observation of the mind and our inner universe can alter how we interact with people, things, and situations. And ultimately this decides how we live life. Living life is not about the content details of living. Rather, life is the conscious experience of living.”
“Conscious living may offer us a new perspective regarding our daily activities and understanding of how everything unfolds. Does a feather fight against the wind or define the wind as being its fate? Both are unlikely simply because the feather is experiencing the natural flow of the wind. It does this without interpretation or definition. The feather is one with the now of this moment because it allows life to flow through it and the wind to move it.”
“We have mostly forgotten how easy it is just to live and experience the totality of life. However, people are awakening to this fact more than ever before in our history. There is a shift occurring worldwide. Thus, this transformation has the potential to blossom into an era of conscious evolution for our species.”
“Imagine yourself as a feather gliding through the universe. You, as a conscious being, have the ability to allow yourself to float unrestricted in this dimension. Yes, you and the feather are one as the universe becomes conscious through your aware presence.”
“We emphasize the difference between masculine and feminine. Thus, we seldom acknowledge that both are part of one essence of being.”
“We should not define, nor limit, the experience of life with mind details. Therefore, acceptance and non-attachment are essential in the experience of fully living life. Walk the path of life with consciousness as a walking stick. Thus, you will always walk a path that is known and true.”
“What is your relationship with the mind and your inner universe? This is the key question in consciously awakening to a state of deeper presence.”
“A smattering of kisses are due.”
“A thoroughbred woman doesn't have time to hobbyhorse-around, but all the rest of her days for that no-training-required; tomfoolery-aside; refined mate. Come ready.”
“His headlights were intercepted with great purpose, said the deer.”
“Her headlights were intercepted with great purpose, said the deer.”
“A kiss Is a tasting; a swirl; a clipping of a top or bottom lip, & a medium pressed stamping of curiosity. Was it too wet; too dry; was the rhythm all off or was it all exactly smooth, full-bodied, and did each reach & extend themselves with synchronicity? Please smatter with a soft approach, medium hold, and a lingering departure, dear Lover.”
“Love is a quality of god talented to humankind”
“Because I realized today that that’s what I did to you. I forced you to get naked before you were ready. And I’m disgusted at myself for doing that to you.”
“To forget someone, you need to stop loving them first. To forgive someone, you need to stop hating them first.”
“For everything there is a way to heal but that way of healing is not present for everyone”
“Sensuality is a love language.”
“Maybe this then was the definition of love. When you wanted someone, needed her, adored her still, even when you were utterly furious and quite ready to tie her to the bed just to keep her from going out and making more trouble”
“None of us has a right to dictate how another human being finds happiness. Our time on this planet is short and all types of commitment are valid when they're built on love.”
“You are my second soul”
“You are my Second Soul”
“Maybe love is this thing that happens to us when everyone is sleeping.”
“Inconnue, elle était ma forme préférée, Celle qui m’enlevait le souci d’être un homme, Et je la vois et je la perds et je subis Ma douleur, comme un peu de soleil de l’eau froide.”
“Mon amour pour avoir figuré mes désirs Mis tes lèvres au ciel de tes mots comme un astre Tes baisers dans la nuit vivante Et le sillage de tes bras autour de moi Comme une flamme en signe de conquête Mes rêves sont au monde Clairs et perpétuels. Et quand tu n’es pas là Je rêve que je dors je rêve que je rêve”
“D’une seule caresse Je te fais briller de tout ton éclat.”
“Se produce ese zumbido de conexión que siempre ha estado entre nosotros, esa certeza de que ella y yo somos dos partes de un todo.”
“Creo que el amor es un concepto, y cada persona tiene una palabra propia que lo resume para ellos.”
“Y, a veces, eso es todo lo que se necesita, una persona dispuesta a escuchar a tu corazón, un sonido que nadie ha querido escuchar antes.”
“The sea is a lover, most forgiving. Every moment he forgives the waves receding from him and includes them again into him. Love is to let go. Love is also to accept the ones who have returned. Geet Chaturvedi Translated by Anita Gopalan”
“You know, love songs say crap like “love will set you free,” but lately I’ve been thinking that love is more like a cage. The most beautiful cage, with gold filigree and diamonds on the bars. But a cage nonetheless.”
“Marriage is built on Trust, Love and Service. By love serve one another.”
“LOVE is reciprocal. Love is superior to knowledge. Confusion is rooted in absence of love. Therefore love, have love and you would be loved back. When you find LOVE, let your LOVE be built On VALUES that ENDURE.”
“The reason why children are seen as children is because they have not been resourced to show their worth beyond what is seen in them. Aside material resources, parents should train their children to appreciate values, independence and accept responsibilities before they become adults”
“Why would God decide to come into the world, that He created Himself, just to be killed by His own creations?”
“If God can truly forgive any type of sin willingly, then why did He cause His own son to be killed for the sins of other people?”
“Explore in order to understand what suits you well in life.”
“If you claim that God will never die or step down from the throne, then the prince is useless.”
“The last child must inherit all the great attributes of his elders, then add in some of his own characteristics to be completely unique from the rest.”
“The last child is always loved by the parents, simply because he has the ability to imitate and learn from those who saw the sun before him.”
“The first child is also loved, when he is still the only child and there is the absence of someone who can take his place.”
“Once the second child comes into existence, the attention will start shifting to the newly-born baby.”
“If Joseph was amongst the first born children of Jacob, chances are he would have turned out just as his elders were described in the scriptures.”
“There is nothing more painful in this world than to be in love with something that can never be.”
“LOVE is definitely a good thing.”
“Zapanjen sam kako sam svjesno, korak po korak, ušao u sve to; kako sam uvijek u tako jasnom svjetlu vidio svoj položaj, a ipak sam postupao kao dijete; kako i sada još jasno vidim, a još uvijek nema ni traga nade da stvari pođu nabolje.”
“You lay beside me; your hand moved over my face as though you had felt it also— you must have known, then, how I wanted you. We will always know that, you and I. The proof will be my body.”
“The banks of life cannot hold my love, which is as broad as the sea.”
“Love is free but it'll cost you.”
“Nothing happens by accident and always by design.”
“Some people have found that health is more valuable than wealth. Climbing the ladder of self-interest.”
“Love is blind. Yeah sure. But it is also poor in calculation and logic. It is rich in feeling, extravagant in manifesting and sumptuous in imagination. It is not the end but the beginning, the middle and the end. It never ends, though. It is eternal and ever-stretching like the universe. Love is not the synonym of life but life is the synonym of love”
“If I knew that Love was coming over I’d polish every surface in my house”
“Love is not long suffering.”
“Love gets loud sometimes.”
“DON’T BE THE MIRROR OF LOVE, BE THE LIGHT OF LOVE”
“Only the one you will love will have the ability to hurt you.”
“There is nothing more painful in this world than to be in love with something that never can be.”
“Make for the joy of making; Give for the joy of giving; Love for the joy of loving; Live for the joy of living.”
“Color, Light, Vibration, Joy— These things are woven by the Divine.”
“Let a ray of your love penetrate the darkness”
“Love Every Moment of your LIFE without regrets; YOU ARE AMAZING & BEAUTIFUL, ENJOY LIFE WITH LOVE, LAUGHTER, & SMILES.”
“THERE IS ONLY ONE GOD, LOVE AND THERE IS ONLY ONE EVIL, FATE”
“This is love, I think, to hold a name carefully between the teeth, to hold without swallowing.”
“Love is a gathering of minutiae. Stones, dirt particles, the waxing/waning light, goat’s milk, chamomile, and honey. I am learning the excruciating art of attention, my small gift of sight to the world. The wider the world, the smaller I seem. This smallness is relieving. Concerns, like the self, are pebbles to be tossed into the sea.”
“You only have one life on this earth. You Better Love like there's no tomorrow, Do what you Love like there's no time left & Shine every moment with the most fantastic image of your self-worth.”
“You deserve someone who will endure thorns just to give you bed of roses.”
“Nothing stays I’ve come to understand that even my slightest breath escapes- flying between leaves nothing stays this will just end in piles of smoke with all my tears swimming on the floor they are so delicate like a flower I keep wondering if they can swim? will they survive? like wet paint that never gets to dry so your footprints wash away dragging our memories along don’t be sad I’ve heard we were one of the lucky ones that’s how it was supposed to happen I, alone, writing poetry and painting your face in my mind and you happy with someone else in some other place maybe it was just not our time maybe it never was maybe all you were supposed to do was to make me into a poet.”
“LOVE IS NOT AN ACT BUT A HABIT”
“To overcome oneself, one must reconcile and end the battle between heart and mind.”
“The adaptation of spirituality is the only solution to the problems of the world. We must go beyond corporeal desires.”
“The present is short lived. Difficult to define it without disturbing the past and the future events.”
“I'm so antisocial, that whenever I have sex with a woman, I close my eyes and pretend I'm masturbating.”
“Love is the foremost emotion of humanity and the mother of all emotional beginnings.”
“In this life, love is everything. It can heal. It can build bridges. It can end wars. Love is something that firmly grounds us in the present.”
“Love is the mother of humanity and the forbearer of everything good. Love is at the epicenter of holistic wealth.”
“You think that holding someone hard will bring them closer. You think that you can hold them so hard that you'll still feel them, embossed on you, when you pull away.”
“Everyone of us have a way of attaining relief. Our outcry is a way of hope.”
“We May Disagree, But Never Disrespect. We May Love Each Other, But Will Never Stop Loving Our self.”
“She called me Night, because I loved the darkness And I nicknamed her Luna, because she reflected the sun”
“Loving someone and being with them are two different things. Just cherish the magical times that both interlink.”
“ஓ, காதல் கொண்ட பெண்ணின் பார்வையே, உன்னை யாரால்தான் வருணிக்க முடியும்?”
“Much is said about love and heartbreak but nobody ever talks about falling out of love. Nobody has penned words on how glorious an experience it can be. Nobody talks about how it can feel like wings of healing and winds of enrapturement; how it can feel like snowflakes against your cheeks when you've been waiting and waiting for the blissful calm of winter. No one recognizes the pristine beauty of falling out of love, what a breathtaking process and journey it can be. We talk about falling into love like it's something so good we should wake up every morning wanting it. But nobody talks about the enrapturement, the ascension, of rising up and out of it!”
“Maybe even once, once in a lifetime! You surrender to ills of society! You surrender your conscience to societal norms and you let them have a feel of schadenfreude! I hated it and you will too.”
“I Love Myself Just the Way I Am & I Love You Just the Way You Are.”
“An iota of kindness capitulates lumps of affluence”
“Hope is a dangerous thing. It leaves our hearts open to damage that we might never heal from. And when your heart's been damaged before, hoping is not only dangerous but foolish.”
“Sizzling with a passion, burning with desire, turn off the heater babe, we have our own fire.”
“The truth is that we are all able to accept love into our lives but many people aren’t actually willing to.”
“The truest and most important love you will ever have is the love you have for yourself.”
“Love and life will always fight, one who wins will tell your might.”
“It takes two people to create a successful relationship, but it takes only one to fail it.”
“Beauty never ceases, spot the nature, moon arises as the sun sets”
“Love is a flower that grows in the garden of the heart.”
“A Sufi's heart is a lamp of fire burning in god's love.”
“I don't know what magic has brought him here. My brain can't function well enough; I can't make sense of it. But he's here. And his eyes are telling me that they love me.”
“People are flawed. And they make terrible mistakes, even with people they love.”
“Sensuality was meant to be a divine tool for your deepest love experience.”
“If you care about being desired, it means you care about being a sensual woman.”
“The world would be so different if we celebrated the rising up and out of love, as much as we celebrate the falling into it. Imagine learning of someone's breakup and rejoicing for her because you know that now she is going through the enlightening process of healing, self-love, and illumination. If our perspective collectively changes, we would be able to eliminate a significant portion of human suffering. When it does happen, because I'm not saying it should always happen but I'm saying that it does happen; we need to view the falling-out-of-love (or as I like to call it, the rising up and out of love), as a part of the full process of love, one that also effectively ushers in growth, joy, and fulfilment.”
“We either die or live for something. And between those two there is only love.”
“Behind every great man is an even greater woman.”
“It takes so long to learn how to love but I think it starts with messing it up a few times.”
“I promise to see you, exactly as you are, as often as you let me.”
“The more you focus on the beauty of roses, the more invisible their thorns become; and an anthophile will never stop loving roses even when their thorns harm him. Therefore, this is how love should be!”
“An electric shock to the iris Your cosmic eyes meet mine A million passing faces And it’s just you and I.”
“I’ve always loved finding things in my environment that bring me joy and excitement! How fun it is to become aware of your surroundings!”
“Life would be enough to know what you do in a day.”
“To lovers out there … When you get married , it won’t be happy days everyday. Things will sometimes eventually go wrong. Choose your partner based on their character, because. In marriage there are challenges, obstacles, problems, temptations, troubles, ups and downs. Choose someone with a character that can stand when things goes wrong. Someone with character that will be able to uplift you when your down. A character that will be able to carry you through all the challenges, obstacles and problems you will be facing in marriage.”
“And what of her smile?" you asked. It's summer's poetry Or a respite from the rigors of winter.”
“Our road not marked on maps. Fugitives of the centuries, our origin is the breathing and our destination is exhalation, A thousand suns are flowing in our blood, and the vision of infinity is always chasing us. The form cannot tame us, Our days are a fire and our nights a sea.”
“To whom I can stretch out my hand in the somber desert ? Who will accompany me on the empty night? Who will give me a fiery day? Who will bring back the sea that left? Oh never let the parting sun, no star is ever lost we once have seen, the long rains will continue to fall.”
“I look inside myself and see it. There is something coming into existence before Heaven and Earth. It is beyond existing and not existing. All of creation is born from nothingness. Nothingness expecting nothing in return. All are gifts.”
“The shadow of your cheekbones Amidst the moonless sky The constellations shape your face The stars, your contoured lines Galactic eyes stare into mine Entranced, I trace your face Lost inside the orbit Of star-crossed, twisted fate Outlined in the exosphere The diamond studded abyss Your stellar silhouette Has left my soul eclipsed.”
“Loving yourself has never been more important than it is right now.”
“To lovers out there   When your dating or in relationship. You can choose a partner based on their looks, riches, wealth, physical attributes. It doesn't matter, But when your getting married. You have to choose a person based on their character. It matters.”
“The feel of the insistent strumming of your voice is my ear music.”
“Feel the romance of simple, everyday moments ~ Do you remember falling in love with a kitten? A puppy! A piece of chocolate cake? Love comes in many forms. It has many dimensions of tenderness you can find in your everyday world.”
“A love affair relationship is simply a growth agreement between two people that decide that they are going to grow together .”
“I have seen love stories ending. I have seen marriages dividing. Love is not years of togetherness. Love is appreciation. It is not an hard emotion to get into our nerves but we usually have a habit to complain and complicate things. If he pulls the chair, you serve the food. If he is low, you be a joker. If he shares his day, listen to him patiently. If he forgives you, say sorry. If he gifts you a flower,bloom a garden. Relationships are delicate like babies. If you poke them, it will leave a scar. You need to love the love in order to be loved back. It is an give and take process.”
“Έτσι συγκινήθηκα από τις σελίδες του Ιμπν Χαζμ, που ορίζει τον έρωτα ως μια αντίθαση αρρώστια, που γιατρεύεται μόνη της, κι ο άρρωστος δεν θέλει να θεραπευτεί κι ο ασθενής δεν θέλει να αναρρώνει." "..η αγάπη μπαίνει από τα μάτια  όποιος πάσχει απ' αυτό το κακό επιδειχνύει μια υπερβολική επιθυμία, ενώ ταυτόχρονα επιθυμεί να μείνει παράμερα κι αποζητά τη μοναξιά, ενώ τα υπόλοιπα συμπτώματα που εμφανίζονται είναι η βίαιη ανησυχία και η σύγχυση που τον κάνει να χάνει τα λόγια του ”
“If romantic words were the pilar of love, poets and singers would not divorce; and if money was the mainstay of a family, billionaire families in dollars would never break up.”
“The movie always ends with the ‘I love you.’ He's holding the boombox outside of her room, and they ride off into the sunset. You never hear they broke up a week later when she wanted an East Coast school and he wanted West Coast. The thing that makes love lasting and true is knowing another person. You feel for them, but do you know them, the good, the bad, and the ugly, in your heart of hearts. - Theo Jefferson from Smolder: A Strong Woman Firefighter Romance”
“The introduction of your true self is a recipe of importance; you never know who will love your ingredients.”
“The feeling of unwanted, unloved, and uncared for can bring about despair. Just know that love is the cure for loneliness, sadness, and hopelessness. You are lovable and qualified to love those hungry for love. Dismiss arrogance and embrace humbleness; this is when you will start to open your heart to endless possibilities of being love.”
“Never let despair be the end of your journey. When going through hell, have faith in GOD’s Love, trust the process & keep going; it will get better.”
“I used to want to do it for everybody else; now I just wanna do it for myself.”
“Wisdom is a perfection of knowledge acquired through experience.”
“I cannot allow or encourage anyone to become a philosopher. But once you find the inspiration to become one of them, there will be no one to stop you.”
“Self-interest must be sacrificed before one can enter through the door of philosophy.”
“Once you know the true God, then seek Him out. Thank the teacher for showing you the right path. But keep your eyes on the target, which is God in this case.”
“By right we arm but by love, disarm. Now is the nation called to love. By gun control we challenge not your rights to arms but your heart to sacrifice that love entails. So give me not a reading of the law but tales of love's deeds in hearts and homes -- how racks have shed arms like autumn leaves and turned the land from red to gold.”
“Come to me now once again and release me from gruelling anxiety. All that my heart longs for, fulfil. And be yourself my ally in love's bayttle.”
“We deserve to experience love fully, equally, without shame and without compromise.”
“Love really was like a bird. You didn’t know where it might settle, or where. You couldn’t tame it, couldn’t force it. Couldn’t often predict it. You could call and call for it and never would it flutter down. Then, at the most unexpected time, in the most unexpected place, it was there.”
“Entonces sonrió. Fue una sonrisa tímida y fugaz, todavía entre el rastro salado de las lágrimas, pero durante una milésima de segundo estuvo ahí, iluminando su rostro, tensando sus labios, dibujada para mí.”
“To live in a hallucination of being loved is more painful than rejection.”
“I will never want to be the one a man chooses to be with because I'm the one he knows will always forgive him over and over again. God forbid I ever become that. God forbid a man ever stays with me because true love scares him. May I never be just a man's safe choice.”
“We all should follow our dreams as we should have more than one to conquer!”
“In a world where we are all battling our own shadows, I wonder why any of us still have the audacity to judge love. Love: whenever it happens, to whomever it happens; is greater than any of us. None of us even know what we're really doing, do we? We're all a mess! And yet, we like to sit around grading love and rating whose love is better and brighter and righter. Love doesn't give a shit, that's the truth. Life is too short to not celebrate love wherever it happens, to whomever it happens. We're all leaves in autumn, all snowflakes in the wind!”
“Memories weigh more than mountains if you are in them”
“There is a reason to love - and it is more important each day.”
“People have all these opinions on what happens when we die and stand at the front gates of Heaven. People think we'll be asked if we were holy, if we were righteous, if we did good deeds. But I think we'll be asked if we loved a wild love, if we loved with all our soul, if we knew a love worth living for. Have you known a wild love? Have you told someone everything in your heart? That's what they'll ask us.”
“i saw stars in your eyes and spent hours exploring the galaxy within your mind. i hoped the space inside of you would never grow between us”
“All great things are hidden and difficult to achieve. But once you figure it out, you will start to live.”
“The concept of heaven is so beautiful to the point where imagination rules the world.”
“I am happy for couples who break up. It is never the fulfilled couples who break up; it's the unfulfilled couples who break up and more often than not, it's the excruciatingly difficult couples who break up. Happy relationships are not the ones that are ending. So when I see a separated couple I see two individuals who are strong enough to hope for more from life, strong enough to make a decision that benefits their wellbeing and happiness. I see two people who are now more hopeful, more brave, more tenacious and more ready for love, than they were before. That makes me happy.”
“What is inner wealth? Inner wealth is the ability to richly inhabit daily moments of mundane nothingness, without the dread of stillness, without the fear of silence, without the shame of the ordinary. It's when a simple gaze or a small smile from across the room is sufficient. The soundless sunlight is sufficient. The quiet breeze easily fills up any holes in your soul. This is inner wealth. And what is love? Love is the sharing of that inner wealth with another person. Love is mutual flourishing.”
“Unrequited love belongs to one person. Really being in love with another person requires the two of you. It can’t be willed to exist from one person alone, and therefore, it is not something any one person can control. And that’s why it’s so f*cking terrifying.”
“The edges of our heart hold the most beautiful memories.”
“A rose has always been considered a symbol of such a strong feeling as love. When choosing its color, be careful, since each of them has a different meaning.”
“But as the sun started to rise over the hills, they were off, on the wide-open road, heading for his home. The one he somehow needed to take this tight-assed woman to, along with her scrap of a mangy cat, the one with half an ear missing.  Because if he hadn’t wrangled her into coming, somehow, this time, in a very weird, unexpected way… …it wouldn’t have felt as much like his home. At all.”
“In time of fear and destruction, awakening will take over you, it’s the time when the light gets in ,feel it , observe it ,embrace it ..”
“Barry, júrame que no dejarás que te olvide, que nos olvide. ¡Júramelo!”
“Love is neither aggressive nor dramatic, love is raw.”
“Lo que mucha gente llama amar consiste en elegir a una mujer y casarse con ella. La eligen, te lo juro, los he visto. Como si se pudiera elegir en el amor, como si no fuera un rayo que te parte los huesos y te deja estaqueado en la mitad del patio.”
“To lovers out there   A relationship must be 10 percent looks and 90 percent feelings, but some people have made it 100 percent about looks .That is why their relationship is always failing every time. Their relationship is about looks, not feelings. They end up looking at the wrong places and looking at the wrong people. They want their relationship to look like so and so relationship. They want their love to look certain way not to feel a certain way. Looks are deceiving and looks keep changing. Most relationship are toxic, bad, emotional draining, hurting, even when people look happy in them.”
“Some will find you intimidating. Some will find you annoying. Some will find you irresistible. It's all okay. That's how life is  full of varieties. We all have that perfect match. You're lucky if you've found your tribe. But if you haven't, continue to search for them.”
“There is still time to love - even if it seems more precious each day.”
“The days we’d spent swimming and fishing at the beach, the first time I’d kissed her, the dreams we’d shared – I was now the only keeper of these memories, and that was the truest sort of loneliness. There were so many things I still wanted to tell her, to share with her.”
“Knowing and loving who you are is one of the most important lessons I have learned in this life!”
“Poor thing! She had loved him, after all.”
“I love to hear your heart beat My cheek pressed to your chest Lose track of time beside you Freeze the seconds as they pass Maybe save a minute… Just to catch my breath.”
“One of the best things about love, real love, is that it doesn’t demand perfection. It simply invites us to live up to our potential.”
“To walk the path of intentionally and consciously finding love, you need to start with the main question: Where do I want to go?”
“When mental issues start to form seeds in our minds the only thing that grows is weeds from all of the dead plants that failed to bloom.”
“Life is less to experience the wisdom and beauty lies in nature. So don't waste your time doing unnecessary things and thing you don't love.”
“And that's the thing love, it's demands to be expressed”
“Look for great character in an individual and don't look for beautiful names.”
“ALL LOVE ENDS FOR HURTS BUT ACCEPTING HURTS IS THE PUREST ACT OF LOVE”
“•	Expect much when you live with love, forgiveness, and courage.”
“ , een spannende gedachte begon vorm te krijgen; de mogelijkheid om alleen te zijn, helemaal in je eentje, in alle rust en vol verwachting, bijna een soort dwaasheid die je je kunt permitteren wanneer je gezegend bent let liefde.”
“ , een spannende gedachte begon vorm te krijgen; de mogelijkheid om alleen te zijn, helemaal in je eentje, in alle rust en vol verwachting, bijna een soort dwaasheid die je je kunt permitteren wanneer je gezegend bent met liefde.”
“It was more than love it was a feeling of comfort of home.”
“I need a favor," he started. "This all started with a favor.”
“I can't quit you Andy Parker.”
“It was just one of those chance meetings, but after the meeting he just kinda stuck with me, you know?”
“The truth is infinite. Whatever you know is only useful to your survival and protective to your senses.”
“Love at first sight is the exception, not the rule.”
“FORGIVE ONESELF TO LIVE IN PEACE AND FORGIVE OTHERS TO LIVE IN LOVE”
“LOVE TO FORGIVE, FORGIVE TO LOVE”
“nemám knížky”
“I see Ender in you looking out at me. You see Ender in me looking out at you. And yet not one of us is truly him; we are each our own self, all of us strangers on our own road.”
“Everyone deserves to be loved.”
“I want us to exist together until we perish. Pure.”
“I just met her for the very first time and had yet to fall in love with her. When the night ended a voice spoke to me and said, " That is your wife you just met.”
“Before you can truly understand the value of being loved by another, you must begin with truly loving and honoring yourself.”
“The full experience of something beautiful or terrifying cannot be expressed in words.”
“The more you keep pushing forward, the more you will be able to see through the end.”
“No one can claim to have mastered love, not even in the grave.”
“Sometimes, you just can't help yourself but to learn quickly when being taught by the opposite gender.”
“Beautiful names don't need a meaning to back them up.”
“A soul can love only another soul. It cannot be turned inward and then expect to love itself.”
“She enticed me in my days. She allured me in my nights. She bewitched me in myriad unknown ways.”
“To have a genuine relationship, you must first love yourself from within, and then you may find another that loves themselves the same. You don’t fall in love; you share the love.”
“Self love is the beginning of all true love. Before self love, there is only attachment. A person who does not love the "I" , cannot truly love the "we.”
“Love isn't enough. I never used to understand that expression, but I do now. You can love someone completely and it still isn't enough to make it work.”
“If we radiate feelings and thoughts of wealth and affluence, we will naturally attract more wealth and affluence into our life. The same is true, then, of the opposite.”
“Hercules knows you are a strong, confident woman. It's one of the things he loves about you, just like you relish his big heart and ability to see the world in a bright way. You've opened yourselves up to each other, which is a beautiful thing! But it's important to remember that when you let someone into your heart, you allow them to see all sides of you- even the vulnerable side. Loving someone does not make you any less strong. It means you trust in one another and they trust in you- that you can give and you can take.”
“I come from the depths of infinity and from all directions of space-time. I traveled through dark tunnels, went through solar storms. I went straight, circled, parallel, rotated as a spiral. Cosmic clouds trapped me and escaped from them. Avoided collisions with meteories. I was helped by exotic particles, neutron stars and the love of gravity. Every leaf, every flower, every mountain and lake, every cloud and every star and every atom recognize me and greet me. I feel that i have live for million lifetimes. Who am i? What is my purpose? Last night i sent a question into universe, asking ”who am i or am i not? The universe responded immediately: ”You asked me the same thing billions of years ago. And then and now i answer: You’re the smile of no birth and no death, The Hidden Law!”
“No love defines us as much as the losses we have made in its name.”
“I've always hated the idea of hugs, but you know, I guess sometimes it's the people who say they hate hugs that actually need it the most”
“Darling, I’ve realised I don’t love you. If I loved anyone, it would be you. But I love no one. I’ve come to understand I don’t care about anything except for myself. Any kindness I’ve ever shown has been in my own self-interest. The very existence of other people seems doubtful. I wanted more from life than this. Let’s have a baby.”
“I called you my home You left me searching for the keys - All alone”
“The invitation for each of us is to dive into the mystery of our questions and our wondering, and come out of the trance of certainty, the idea that we’re supposed to “know” what to do with this life or have some absolute conclusion or resolution about the many paradoxes and contradictions of our existence. Invite you to soften into your doubts, celebrate your uncertainty, and come to see the beauty - and ultimate safety - in Not Knowing. We know not where the journey leads, nor whether a final destination is even a meaningful concept. The attraction is the inherent thrill of participating in a grand creative endeavor for which participation is its own reward.”
“If words come out of the heart, they will enter the heart.”
“far too different yet so much alike like two parallel lines never meant to cross like two clocks displaying the same time twelve hours apart”
“Before you set out on this journey, know that God loves you right now, right where you are. We cannot make God love us anymore or any less. It does not matter how much you do or how much you GROW. God’s love for you does not change. It is an eternal, unfathomable pure love. This is important and I hope you understand just how much you are loved.”
“Ultimately, we can powerfully impact the world with Christ’s love.”
“All you need in love and from your significant one is respect only. Leave beauty and intelligence at last.”
“The thing about you is that you never pulled away when I started to love you more. You are never impatient with my heart, I am never insecure with how you make me feel. I love you because you have never given me false hope.”
“When you betray to someone, first you betray to that one who speaks somewhere inside you that you are a good human” And that's you”
“Being born is a blessing in itself. You have survived, despite all the odds.”
“L'amore è amore, in qualunque modo si manifesti. Lui stesso aveva avuto modo di constatare come coppie omosessuali avessero vissuto delle storie con una delicatezza di sentimenti riscontrabile in altre più convenzionali.”
“Love just seems to make life not just livable, but a gallant, gallant event.”
“It is so refreshing  The non transactional nature of true love  Much like the scent from the first bloomed flower at the onset of spring.”
“TRUTH, LIGHT AND LOVE SHALL NEVER BE BLINDED”
“We are all little ripples moving in the same vast ocean. I would rather drown in the depths of Love than splash around on the shore of complacency. Every moment in which you recognize another’s pain is a call for you to fulfill part of your soul’s purpose. To assist another is an opportunity to be Love that heals the world. Oh, and did I mention that you cannot love another without also healing yourself. Love until it hurts not to love.”
“It is true; most medicine does come in a bottle. There is however, some medicine that can only come through love, faith and hope. It comes from our Source, from our life force within. We can all benefit from this wonderful medicine daily and administer as often as needed.”
“We never lose people annie the light manifest life in many confusing ways we will all meet again We will all love again We are all in a cycle of love and light , life is a never end river , a rainbow of colors emotions and opportunities”
“Do good deeds while you are still alive. Otherwise, there will be no VIP place for you in heaven.”
“The VIP places in heaven are only reserved for the religious leaders and founders.”
“Should I draw you the picture of my heart it would be what I hope you would still love though it contained nothing new. The early possession you obtained there, and the absolute power you have obtained over it, leaves not the smallest space unoccupied.”
