“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.”
“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.”
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages 1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree. 2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5. 3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.” 4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank. 5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13. 6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14. 7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15. 8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil. 9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19. 10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961. 11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936. 12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 23 13) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 24 14) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record 15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity 16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France 17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 28 18) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world 19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter 20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean 21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind 22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest 23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream." 24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics 25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight 26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions. 27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon. 28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" 29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas 30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger 31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States 32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out. 33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games" 34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out. 35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa. 36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president. 37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels. 38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat". 40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived 41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise 42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out 43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US 44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats 45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.”
“You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering.”
“You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“The problem, often not discovered until late in life, is that when you look for things in life like love, meaning, motivation, it implies they are sitting behind a tree or under a rock. The most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation. For me, I am driven by two main philosophies, know more today about the world than I knew yesterday. And lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.”
“We are not going to die." Butters stared up at me, pale, his eyes terrified. "We're not?" "No. And do you know why?" He shook his head. "Because Thomas is too pretty to die. And because I'm too stubborn to die." I hauled on the shirt even harder. "And most of all because tomorrow is Oktoberfest, Butters, and polka will never die.”
“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
“The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!”
“Quand tu veux construire un bateau, ne commence pas par rassembler du bois, couper des planches et distribuer du travail, mais reveille au sein des hommes le desir de la mer grande et large. If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people together to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“All great achievements require time.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.”
“You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“I want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as I can decently manage, loving all the people I love, and doing as much as I can of the work I still have to do. I am going to write fire until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. Until it's every breath I breathe. I'm going to go out like a fucking meteor!”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done. But not me. For me, motivation is this horrible, scary game where I try to make myself do something while I actively avoid doing it. If I win, I have to do something I don't want to do. And if I lose, I'm one step closer to ruining my entire life. And I never know whether I'm going to win or lose until the last second.”
“In the name of the Pizza Lord. Charge!”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably become as ordinary as they expect you to be.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“You are a divine being. You matter, you count. You come from realms of unimaginable power and light, and you will return to those realms.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“Rise and rise again until lambs become lions”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“But one of the worst results of being a slave and being forced to do things is that when there is no one to force you any more you find you have almost lost the power of forcing yourself.”
“To progress in life, I don’t focus on how much I have done but on how much I have yet to do.”
“It's not that some people have willpower and some don't  It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.”
“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.”
“Your inner strength is your outer foundation”
“I just want to be someone, to mean something to anyone…”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our minds…Claim and consciously use your power.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“Would you like to know your future? If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator. So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“The quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. ”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse? Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly. Did you feel like cooperating or doing better?”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.”
“I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“The road to success is always under construction”
“Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.”
“Control Your Own Destiny or Someone Else Will”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.”
“If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it. If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less. You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here. Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!”
“Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!”
“Because I always feel like running Not away, because there is no such place Because if there was, I would have found it by now Because it's easier to run, Easier than staying and finding out you're the only one who didn't run Because running will be the way your life and mine will be described, As in "the long run" Or as in having "given someone a run for his money" Or as in "running out of time" Because running makes me look like everyone else, though I hope there will never be cause for that Because I will be running in the other direction, not running for cover Because if I knew where cover was, I would stay there and never have to run for it Not running for my life, because I have to be running for something of more value to be running and not in fear Because the thing I fear cannot be escaped, eluded, avoided, hidden from, protected from, gotten away from, Not without showing the fear as I see it now Because closer, clearer, no sir, nearer Because of you and because of that nice That you quietly, quickly be causing And because you're going to see me run soon and because you're going to know why I'm running then You'll know then Because I'm not going to tell you now”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”
“Life's short. Live passionately.”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.”
“Do it badly; do it slowly; do it fearfully; do it any way you have to, but do it.”
“I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city. The noise and all its people. I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there. Two hours later we arrived in a small town, one of those towns with one single coffee shop and where everyone knows each other’s name. I walked for a while until I found the water, the most peaceful place I know. There I sat and stayed the whole day, with nothing and everything on my mind, cleaning my head. Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“A challenge only becomes an obstacle when you bow to it.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“Master those books you have. Read them thoroughly. Bathe in them until they saturate you. Read and reread them…digest them. Let them go into your very self. Peruse a good book several times and make notes and analyses of it. A student will find that his mental constitution is more affected by one book thoroughly mastered than by twenty books he has merely skimmed. Little learning and much pride comes from hasty reading. Some men are disabled from thinking by their putting meditation away for the sake of much reading. In reading let your motto be ‘much not many.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Think of your many years of procrastination; how the gods have repeatedly granted you further periods of grace, of which you have taken no advantage. It is time now to realise the nature of the universe to which you belong, and of that controlling Power whose offspring you are; and to understand that your time has a limit set to it. Use it, then, to advance your enlightenment; or it will be gone, and never in your power again.”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
“Writer’s block results from too much head. Cut off your head. Pegasus, poetry, was born of Medusa when her head was cut off. You have to be reckless when writing. Be as crazy as your conscience allows.”
“Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter. ”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“There is no more compelling motivation to worthwhile endeavor than the knowledge that we are children of God, that God expects us to do something with our lives, and that He will give us help when help is sought.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“Never pray to be a better slave when God is trying to get you out of your situation.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“It’s hard to believe there are people that don’t read books. There’s so much magic in words and well told stories.”
“Follow your bliss and doors will open where there were no doors before.”
“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
“People always ask me "Son what does it take To reach out and touch your dreams?" To them I always say Are you hungry? Are you thirsty? Is it a fire that burns you up inside? How bad do you want it? How bad do you need it? Are you eating, sleeping, dreaming With that one thing on your mind? How bad do you want it? How bad do you need it? Cause if you want it all You've got to lay it all out on the line”
“If we judge ourselves only by our aspirations and everyone else only their conduct we shall soon reach a very false conclusion.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Dear me, one day I'll make you proud.”
“I found an inner strength to fight for myself. It was clear that nobody else would.”
“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
“It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.”
“No one asks how to motivate a baby. A baby naturally explores everything it can get at, unless restraining forces have already been at work. And this tendency doesn't die out, it's wiped out.”
“The truly terrible thing is that everybody has their reasons.”
“The power of "can't": The word "can't" makes strong people weak, blinds people who can see, saddens happy people, turns brave people into cowards, robs a genius of their brilliance, causes rich people to think poorly, and limits the achievements of that great person living inside us all.”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.”
“When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins. At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened.”
“There is a vitality, a life force, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique, and if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium; and be lost. The world will not have it. It is not your business to determine how good it is, not how it compares with other expression. It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open. You do not even have to believe in yourself or your work. You have to keep open and aware directly to the urges that motivate you. Keep the channel open. No artist is pleased. There is no satisfaction whatever at any time. There is only a queer, divine dissatisfaction, a blessed unrest that keeps us marching and makes us more alive than the others.”
“Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.”
“You don't go walking into the proverbial lion's den lightly. You start with a good breakfast.”
“I need to stop getting into situations where all my options are potentially bad.”
“Live Long and Prosper”
“When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“No one wakes up in the morning and says, 'I want to gain 150 pounds and I will start right now!”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“Get immersed in the beauty that surrounds you. No filters, edits, or adjustments. Experience the colors, sounds, textures and smells within your reach. Live.”
“Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“Motivation is the fuel, necessary to keep the human engine running.”
“Anything which is physically possible can always be made financially possible; money is a bugaboo of small minds.”
“Who says you need to wait until you 'feel like' doing something in order to start doing it? The problem, from this perspective, isn't that you don't feel motivated; it's that you imagine you need to feel motivated. If you can regard your thoughts and emotions about whatever you're procrastinating on as passing weather, you'll realise that your reluctance about working isn't something that needs to be eradicated or transformed into positivity. You can coexist with it. You can note the procrastinatory feelings and act anyway.”
“Everybody wants to be a bodybuilder, but nobody wants to lift no heavy-ass weights.”
“If reading makes you happy, do it. Whatever makes your heart sing and brings you joy, do that too.”
“Sustain joy by anchoring yourself with gratitude.”
“Remember to celebrate the small accomplishments along your journey because they will provide the support needed when the road gets rocky. ”
“Imagination is not bound by possibilities. The creative mind will always break the shackles—making the impossible, possible.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“Life’s too short to walk around with your arms crossed and bottom lip poked out. Find a way to smile for yourself even if it’s as simple as licking the spoon clean or putting clean sheets on your bed.”
“To summarize, using money to motivate people can be a double-edged sword. For tasks that require cognitive ability, low to moderate performance-based incentives can help. But when the incentive level is very high, it can command too much attention and thereby distract the person’s mind with thoughts about the reward. This can create stress and ultimately reduce the level of performance.”
“We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.”
“Writers create impressions that inspire, stir emotions, evoke questions and sprinkle seeds of awe.”
“Writers have influenced thoughts, principals, viewpoints and experiences throughout history. A talented writer’s pen is anointed with magic!”
“You can't stop a soldier from being frightened but you can give him motivation to help him overcome that fear. I have no such motivation. I can't have. I'm a witcher: an artificially created mutant. I kill monsters for money. I defend children when their parents pay me to. If Nilfgaardian parents pay me, I'll defend Nilfgaardian children. And even if the world lies in ruin - which does not seem likely to me - I'll carry on killing monsters in the ruins of this world until some monster kills me. That is my fate, my reason, my life and my attitude to the world. And it is not what I chose. It was chosen for me.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Curiosity is the engine of achievement.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“Motivation comes from working on things we care about. It also comes from working with people we care about.”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Go as far as you can see and you will see further.”
“I put on the boots and kicked some monster ass.”
“Focus on what you are and what you can rather than what others aren't & can't. You have to win; they don't necessarily have to lose for you!”
“Do Something! I was sitting on a plane after a long, tiring business trip. I was a bit grouchy and irritable because the rigorous schedule I had made for myself left me exhausted. Looking to not talk to the person next to me and simply endure the flight, I decided to open my newspaper and read about what was happening in the world. As I continued to read, it seemed that everywhere I looked there were stories of injustice, pain, suffering, and people losing hope. Finally, fueled by my tired, irritable state, I became overcome with compassion and frustration for the way things were. I got up and went to the bathroom and broke down. With tears streaming down my face, I helplessly looked to the sky and yelled to God. “God, look at this mess. Look at all this pain and suffering. Look at all this killing and hate. God, how could you let this happen? Why don’t you do something?” Just then, a quiet stillness pacified my heart. A feeling of peace I won’t ever forget engulfed my body. And, as I looked into my own eyes in the mirror, the answer to my own question came back to me… “Steve, stop asking God to do something. God already did something, he gave you life. Now YOU do something!”
“I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.”
“You touch some of the reasons for my going, not for my staying away.”
“Keep creating: the world yearns to celebrate your next masterpiece.”
“It’s not just the big moments that count, it’s all of the small actions that feed our heart and soul on a daily basis. Cherish those moments and reflect on how to replicate them often.”
“Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.”
“You can map out a fight plan or a life plan, but when the action starts, it may not go the way you planned, and you're down to your reflexes - that means your [preparation:]. That's where your roadwork shows. If you cheated on that in the dark of the morning, well, you're going to get found out now, under the bright lights.”
“Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.”
“He had made himself believe that he was going to get well, which was really more than half the battle.”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“The hardest part of any important task is getting started on it in the first place. Once you actually begin work on a valuable task, you seem to be naturally motivated to continue.”
“We all grow tired eventually; it happens to everyone. Even the sun, at the close of the year, is no longer a morning person.”
“I was sitting at home and had a profound experience. I experienced, in all of my Being, that someday I was going to die, and it wouldn't be like it had been happening, almost dying but somehow staying alive, but I would just die! And two things would happen right before I died: I would regret my entire life; I would want to live it over again. This terrified me. The thought that I would live my entire life, look at it and realize I blew it forced me to do something with my life.”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes”
“Don't be afraid to be afraid. Have fear, and then conquer the shit out of it.”
“Impian itu seperti sayap. Dia membawamu pergi ke berbagai tempat. Kurasa, mamamu sadar akan hal itu. Dia tahu, kalau dia mencegah mimpimu, itu sama aja dengan memotong sayap burung. Burung tersebut memang nggak akan lari, tapi burung tanpa sayap sudah bukan burung lagi. Dan manusia tanpa mimpi, sudah bukan manusia lagi.”
“Today is the day you choose to find joy, fulfillment and the path that will make your heart sing. It's your choice, never lose sight of that.”
“Nothing is born into this world without labor.”
“If only we had the certainty in our strength that we do in our weaknesses and capacity for failure - oh how wonderful life would be”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“Imagine a place where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion, and a positive attitude every day.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.”
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.”
“The war to preserve the privilege of mythmaking”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“I felt like poisoning a monk.”
“If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.”
“Spend more time doing things that make you forget about the time.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“Most people who decide to grow personally find their first mentors in the pages of books.”
“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
“Life is complicated. If life was simple, wouldn’t that make us simpletons?”
“What makes the engine go? Desire, desire, desire.”
“Blessings! Count them and be thankful. Ask for an abundance of them and accept with gratitude.”
“Tapi… karena nggak tahu apa-apa itulah, esok hari jadi sesuatu yang layak ditunggu, kan?”
“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
“In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.”
“Those times when you get up early and you work hard; those times when you stay up late and you work hard; those times when you don’t feel like working, you’re too tired, you don’t want to push yourself, but you do it anyway; that is actually the dream. That’s the dream. It’s not the destination, it’s the journey.”
“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
“When we pray we admit defeat.”
“The good men of every age are those who go to the roots of the old thoughts and bear fruit with them.”
“Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus. Our bodies are our gardens, to the which our wills are gardeners: so that if we will plant nettles, or sow lettuce, set hyssop and weed up thyme, supply it with one gender of herbs, or distract it with many, either to have it sterile with idleness, or manured with industry, why, the power and corrigible authority of this lies in our wills. If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality, the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most preposterous conclusions: but we have reason to cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, our unbitted lusts, whereof I take this that you call love to be a sect or scion.”
“The death of a dream can in fact serve as the vehicle that endows it with new form, with reinvigorated substance, a fresh flow of ideas, and splendidly revitalized color. In short, the power of a certain kind of dream is such that death need not indicate finality at all but rather signify a metaphysical and metaphorical leap forward.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.”
“I am a free soul, singing my heart out by myself no matter where I go and I call strangers my friends because I learn things and find ways to fit them into my own world. I hear what people say, rearrange it, take away and tear apart until it finds value in my reality and there I make it work. I find spaces in between the cracks and cuts where it feels empty and there I make it work.”
“The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.”
“A professional is one who does his best work when he feels the least like working.”
“Rejection is a challenge.”
“If you don't write when you don't have time for it, you won't write when you do have time for it.”
“Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT”
“but I have no mind for business and considered staying awake to be enough of an accomplishment.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“Live with Fulfillment, Serve with Passion so in this Lifetime you will have the ablility to Die with NO Regrets.”
“If you practice hard, you can win every battle.”
“Faithfulness in small things leads to faithfulness in great things, and never the other way around.”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“Act as if it was, and it will be.”
“كل لحظة من لحظات الحياة تقدم للمسلم فرصة جديدة للعبادة..وهو بدوره يطمح ليجعل من حياته الدنيوية نموذجا للعبادة المستمرة”
“I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.”
“As for those who spite you, and seemingly just because, it's only evident that they're learning from you. Maybe you taste bad - kind of like medicine, kind of like truth - and to them, you're thought unsafe. There is flattery in being chewed out and spit up. Humans have always had a hard time digesting foreign things.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“Introspection is a form of self-management. You reflect. You decide. You change. You allow yourself to grow.”
“Habits stay with you even when you don’t have the motivation.”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“motivating people, forcing them to your will, gives you a cynical attitude toward humanity. It degrades everything it touches.”
“Virtually everyone needs motivation of some sort, but when you are in love - that is motivation enough, it turns many into poets and painters, it spurs the creativity in you.”
“‎As I get older I see that running has changed for me. What used to be about burning calories is now more about burning up what is false. Lies I used to tell myself about who I was and what I could do, friendships that cannot withstand hills or miles, the approval I no longer need to seek, and solidarity that cannot bear silence. I run to burn up what I don't need and ignite what I do.”
“No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way.”
“When I was a boy of seven or eight I read a novel untitled "Abafi" — The Son of Aba — a Servian translation from the Hungarian of Josika, a writer of renown. The lessons it teaches are much like those of "Ben Hur," and in this respect it might be viewed as anticipatory of the work of Wallace. The possibilities of will-power and self-control appealed tremendously to my vivid imagination, and I began to discipline myself. Had I a sweet cake or a juicy apple which I was dying to eat I would give it to another boy and go through the tortures of Tantalus, pained but satisfied. Had I some difficult task before me which was exhausting I would attack it again and again until it was done. So I practiced day by day from morning till night. At first it called for a vigorous mental effort directed against disposition and desire, but as years went by the conflict lessened and finally my will and wish became identical.”
“It’s possible to be flippant here, when Jihadists fly aircraft into buildings they shout God is Great, what do atheists shout when they do it?”
“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. ”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.”
“Where there is life, there is hope.”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“I have moments that aren't too bad, but there's always something I'm struggling with, or feeling guilty about. I just figured I needed to try harder, but I find it difficult to sustain that motivation.”
“I often lose motivation, but it's something I accept as normal.”
“Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“ she doesn't have to choose between being gentle or being fierce. Both exist in nature and both exist in her. That's ok. She'll know to nourish them both and when applicable, use each unapologetically.”
“Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through. I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long. This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.”
“Terimalah kemungkinan akan adanya kesulitan, masalah, dan kesalahan. Karena, dia yang bersungguh-sungguh bekerja keras, sebetulnya juga sedang bersungguh-sungguh menyediakan kesempatan bagi timbulnya kesalahan. Karena kesalahan kita butuhkan untuk mencapai hasil yang lebih baik, karena timbulnya kesalahan adalah tanda diperlukannya cara-cara yang lebih baik. (Mario Teguh - Mistakes are OK-able)”
“ we have to surpass ourselves every day, make every day undying. Climb our own personal Everest and do it in such a way that every step is a little bit of eternity. That's what the future is for: to build the present, with real plans, made by living people.”
“MANAGE YOUR MOOD: Name 1 thing that surprised you today Name 1 thing that moved you Name 1 thing that inspired you ”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“If I didn't have Lincoln's butt to stare at the whole time, motivation would be a lot harder to come by.”
“Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.”
“Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt. In other words, a wish is a good place to start but then you have to get off your butt and make it happen. You have to pick up a quill and write your own damn story. (Mimi Wallingford)”
“Walk free from the long shadows cast by small people.”
“GIVING - Applied tithing is so rewarding. When you give away your time, talent, and treasures you create a huge shift in your prosperity consciousness. So start where you are as you reach for where it is you want to be.”
“If you want to be happy, you need to set your mind on happiness.”
“It is great to do what you love but greater with the great team.”
“Maybe we feel meaning only when we deal with something bigger. Perhaps we hope that someone else, especially someone important to us, will ascribe value to what we've produced? Maybe we need the illusion that our work might one day matter to many people. That it might be of some value in the big, broad world out there [ ]? Most likely it is all of these. But fundamentally, I think that almost any aspect of meaning [ ] can be sufficient to drive our behaviour. As long as we are doing something that is somewhat connected to our self image, it can fuel our motivation and get us to work much harder.”
“There are people who are waiting to be motivated by you.”
“When our commitment is wavering, the best way to stay on track is to consider the progress we've already made. As we recognize what we've invested and attained, it seems like a waste to give up, and our confidence and commitment surge.”
“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“Pain los[es] its power when other things bec[o]me more important.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”
“[I]t was with a good end in mind – that of acquiring the knowledge of good and evil – that Eve allowed herself to be carried away and eat the forbidden fruit. But Adam was not moved by this desire for knowledge, but simply by greed: he ate it because he heard Eve say it tasted good.”
“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“Inspiration fires you up; motivation keeps you burning.”
“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
“Music is the beat of a drum that keeps time with our emotions.”
“Perfection is not a destination; it's a never-ending process Enjoy!”
“Cream always rises to the top so do good leaders".”
“Now he was proving it again. Each time was a new time and he never thought about the past when he was doing it.”
“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration,motivation, and a pinch of creativity”
“Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.”
“When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!”
“Words of Wisdom (wow): Be Still. Let Go.Flow.Breathe.Believe.Allow.Grow.Align.Be the Light.Be Awake.Be Aware.Anticipate.Participate.Embrace Change.Take that Chance.Love.You Are Loved.Rise to the Occasion.Fuel your Motivation & make the world become a better place ☯”
“Take each day in your open palms and close your fists around it. This life is not done with you yet.”
“You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.”
“Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.”
“The world is a terrifying place, more than I ever realized. But if I had my whole life to do over again, that's literally the only thing I'd change. I'd stop being so afraid of other people.”
“Let your playerhaters be your motivators.”
“If there was a reason why he preferred the liberal tendency to the conservative one (also held to by many of his circle), it was not because he found the liberal tendency more sensible, but it more closely suited his manner of life.”
“Fear is a powerful stimulant.”
“It's not life situations but our thoughts are the pilots of grief.”
“Urusan pembaca adalah mengekalkan ingatan pada apa yang mereka sukai. Sebaliknya, urusan penulis adalah menghapus ingatan dari apa-apa yang sudah ia bikin. Ia hanya memusatkan perhatian pada bagaimana melahirkan karya sebaik-baiknya saat ini.”
“People who don't smile are not serious”
“Today is the day you have to start believing in yourself. No one can do it for you anymore.”
“Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you”
“Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!”
“Greatness and nearsightedness are incompatible. Meaningful achievement depends on lifting one's sights and pushing toward the horizon.”
“Yawns are not the only infectious things out there besides germs. Giggles can spread from person to person. So can blushing. But maybe the most powerful infectious thing is the act of speaking the truth.”
“Forget about willpower. It's time for why-power. Your choices are only meaningful when you connect them to your desires and dreams. The wisest and most motivating choices are the ones aligned with that which you identify as your purpose, your core self, and your highest values. You've got to want something, and know why you want it, or you'll end up giving up too easily.”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“When nothing goes right, you have to face forward and take it on head first.”
“In honor of Oprah Winfrey: Even greater than the ability to inspire others with hope is the power to motivate them to give as much to the lives of others as they would give to their own; and to empower them to confront the worst in themselves in order to discover and claim the best in themselves.”
“Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.”
“Competition is a rude yet effective motivation.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“If your arteries are good, eat more ice cream. If they are bad, drink more red wine. Proceed thusly.”
“Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!”
“In the very act of writing I felt pleased with what I did. There was the pleasure of having words come to me, and the pleasure of ordering them, re-ordering them, weighing one against another. Pleasure also in the imagination of the story, the feeling that it could mean something. Mostly I was glad to find out that I could write at all. In writing you work toward a result you won't see for years, and can't be sure you'll ever see. It takes stamina and self-mastery and faith. It demands those things of you, then gives them back with a little extra, a surprise to keep you coming. It toughens you and clears your head. I could feel it happening. I was saving my life with every word I wrote, and I knew it.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.”
“There is a sense in which all cognition can be said to be motivated. One is motivated to understand the world, to be in touch with reality, to remove doubt, etc. Alternately one might say that motivation is an aspect of cognition itself. Nevertheless, motives like wanting to find the truth, not wanting to be mistaken, etc., tend to align with epistemic goals in a way that many other commitments do not. As we have begun to see, all reasoning may be inextricable from emotion. But if a person's primary motivation in holding a belief is to hue to a positive state of mind, to mitigate feelings of anxiety, embarrassment, or guilt for instance. This is precisely what we mean by phrases like "wishful thinking", and "self-deception". Such a person will of necessity be less responsive to valid chains of evidence and argument that run counter to the beliefs he is seeking to maintain. To point out non-epistemic motives in an others view of the world, therefore, is always a criticism, as it serves to cast doubt on a persons connection to the world as it is.”
“Perserverance: Outlasting the most rash, pessimistic, cowardly naysayers; those first in line to deny us the dreams never tried. Ourselves.”
“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
“God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.”
“Maybe I'm deceiving myself. Perhaps I don't know him as well as I'd like to imagine. What does a person so willing to utterly remake himself hold inside his heart? Can I trust such a man? What motivates him? In an instant she knew, and she felt a bit of relief. Love. Love was what drove him.”
“ one cannot but wonder how an environment can make people despair and sit idle and then, by changing the conditions, one can transform the same people into matchless performers.”
“The ability to stay calm and focused in the midst of change is what distinguishes great leaders from those just collecting a paycheck.”
“Whilst some people inspire, others conspire!”
“Serendipity is not the product of patience; it’s the product of action.”
“Just imagine, life to be a dance with different kind of rhythms depending on what music is playing in the background. Sometimes we may dance alone and that’s OK, as some songs are simply meant to be danced like that. Practice! Don’t stop! It’s your dance! ”
“If you concentrate on small, manageable steps you can cross unimaginable distances.”
“Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the same courage to do what is right. It’s called the road less traveled.”
“Nobody is going to save you but yourself and the ‘best’ and only way to do so is through action.”
“Her widowed mother owns the shop on rue de Grenelle. Should her mother die, despite her expertise, Pauline Léon will not inherit the shop. She can only do so through a husband. As she has not yet met a suitable spouse, we can only imagine the kind of chocolat he would make if he were a wig maker.”
“The privileges of the Nobles of the Sword are not democratic   Across the country, peasants have been burning crops and châteaux. If the King does not willingly change taxation, I fear commoners and peasants will force him.”
“Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.”
“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
“To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation and when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”
“It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.”
“Money is just an idea.”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“It is not so much where my motivation comes from but rather how it manages to survive.”
“I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“Newtonian physics runs into problems at the subatomic level. Down there--in the land of hadrons, quarks, and Schrödinger's cat--things gent freaky. The cool rationality of Isaac Newton gives way to the bizarre unpredictability of Lewis Carroll.”
“Vainglory, however, no matter how much medieval Christianity insisted it was a sin, is a motor of mankind, no more eradicable than sex.”
“The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!”
“we tend to steer our lives in the direction of the lessons we need to learn”
“The issue isn't, Am I good enough? No. The issue is, Do I not have any other choice? Will and desire don't matter. Ability doesn't matter. Need is the only thing that matters.”
“Where would we have been without the discoveries of our predecessors, and where are we going without your discoveries?”
“Start even if you don't know how.”
“I’ve always felt that a manager has achieved a great deal when he’s able to motivate one other person. When it comes to making the place run, motivation is everything. You might be able to do the work of two people, but you can’t be two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire his people.”
“Your motivations--get that promotion, throw the best parties, run for public office--aren't impersonal abstractions but powerfully reflect who you are and what you focus on. An individual's goals figure prominently in the theories of personality first developed by the Harvard psychologist Henry Murray. According to his successor David McClelland, what Friedrich Nietzsche called "the will to power," which he considered the major driving force behind human behavior, is one of the three basic motivations, along with achievement and affiliation, that differentiate us as individuals. A simple experiment show show these broad emotional motivations can affect what you pay attention to or ignore on very basic levels. When they examine images of faces that express different kinds of emotion, power-oriented subjects are drawn to nonconfrontational visages, such as "surprise faces," rather than to those that suggest dominance, as "anger faces" do. In contrast, people spurred by affiliation gravitate toward friendly or joyful faces.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.”
“I refuse to live life with unsettled differences”.”
“Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that ”
“I’m always scared to death that I won’t do a role justice. But fear can be a great motivator.”
“Discipline is giving yourself a command and following it up with action”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“The IMPOSSIBLE is ONLY relevant to those who NEVER attempt it…otherwise it is ABSTACT and MEANINGLESS”
“Orang yang selalu menunda-nunda niatnya tidak akan mencapai apa-apa. Bertindak memang ada bahayanya, tetapi bila kita duduk saja menunggu rezeki nomplok, yang akan datang adalah kegagalan. Kesampingkan saja keragu-raguan anda dan maju terus.!”
“Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.”
“Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need”
“I was determined to move forward.”
“So many people will tell you ”no”, and you need to find something you believe in so hard that you just smile and tell them ”watch me”. Learn to take rejection as motivation to prove people wrong. Be unstoppable. Refuse to give up, no matter what. It’s the best skill you can ever learn.”
“It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.”
“Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
“Passion is not a reaction to an external event. It is the left over emotions from the internal battles you have won that propels you forward.”
“Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
“We do not need to attend classroom training programmes for everything. Observation opens the windows of knowledge around us”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“The poor themselves can create a poverty-free world. All we have to do is to free them from the chains that we have put around them!”
“Momentum builds success.”
“I could crawl inside the lyrics and know each note intimately. They would claw at my soul, until I could no longer fight the emotions that took me to a place I couldn't experience. But, it was the possibility that made every verse a heart filled prediction and every beat a direction to follow.”
“Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!”
“They looked to each other for support, for strength, and at times, motivation, to remember why and for whom they lived.”
“Motivation gets you going; Inspiration keeps you going.”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
“If you are willing to be a self-learner, you will develop yourself.”
“Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse”
“In our twenties we have conflicts. We think everything is either-or, black or white: we are caught between them and we lose all our energy in the conflicts. My answer, later on in maturity, was to do them all. Not to exclude any, not to make a choice. I wanted to be everything. And I took everything in, and the more you take in, the more strength you find waiting to accomplish things and to expand your life, instead of the other (which is what we have been taught to do) which is to look for structure and to fear change, above all to fear change. Now I didn't fear change.”
“I made it greater,you always told me to forget the haters.”
“Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.”
“You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“Vladimir, be reasonable, you haven't yet tried everything. And I resumed the struggle.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“I'm drawn again and again to obsessives. I like them. I like the idea that someone could push away all the concerns and details that make up everyday life and just zero in on one thing - the thing that fits the contours of his or her imagination. Obsessives lead us astray sometimes. Can't see the bigger picture. Serve not just the world's but also their own narrow interests. But I don't think we get progress or innovation or joy or beauty without obsessives.”
“It’s never been easier for audiences to skip, filter, or avoid advertising, so the best ideas are the ones that respect that the audience needs to get something out of the work; it should inspire, satisfy, or motivate them. You can’t just bombard people with messages anymore.”
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The Sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“the worst thing said about him is that he was "uncurious.”
“The water doesn't know how old you are.”
“Desire is the key to motivation. It is the key to develop a healthy personality and a positive attitude towards oneself and others.”
“Stop trying to explain yourself. People only understand things from their level of perception; within the parameters of their agreement with reality. Save your energy.”
“Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.”
“Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.”
“Get in touch with your passion and put it to work at work.”
“Accept hardship as a necessary discipline.”
“When healthy competition prevails -- you come out to play and you play to win.”
“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
“If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.”
“If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.”
“Dituntun oleh masa laluku, didorong oleh keberadaanku, aku terbang mencari sesuatu yang tak kuketahui. Antusiasme, rasa ingin tahu, dan harapan menemaniku.”
“Sordid things, for the most part, are what make human beings, my father included, move. That's what it is to be human, I'm afraid.”
“You have come nearer to mastering a good many aspects of cooking than anyone except a handful of great chefs, and some day it will pay off. I know it will. You will just have to go on working, and teaching, and getting around, and spreading the gospel until it does. (Avis DeVoto to Julia Child)”
“Remember, the talking about the thing isn't the thing. Doing the thing is the thing.”
“May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.”
“To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“Every cruelty is a form of weakness.”
“Self determination is greatest will power.”
“Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.”
“Here's how man thinks: "If no one’s done it, why should I try? It’s a waste of time; but if he’s done it, I can do it better.”
“This was her life, this was her city, these were her people, and because she loved them, she had sworn to herself a long time ago that she would do a damn good job of being who she was because she could be no one else.”
“In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.”
“I am simply a complicated girl Mesmerized by mystery Enchanted with shadows Intrigued by glitter and gray in each of us A girl fascinated with word-play; Paradoxes, ironies, conundrums In love with adventure and curious about the world A girl who feels and dreams deeply Loves passionately Lives recklessly But about all else, I am a girl insanely in love with you! You are my greatest inspiration!”
“Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!”
“If you can link something hard to a choice you care about, it makes the task easier, Quintanilla's drill instructors had told him. That's why they asked each other questions starting with "why." Make a chore into a meaningful decision, and self-motivation will emerge.”
“There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear " he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, "Revenge.”
“This is the new year the new you. You can pass through another year, coasting on cruise control. Or you can step out of your comfort zone, trying things you have never done before, & make 2012 as the year that you elevate from where you are & soar high. Make it happen!”
“If you truly feel that self esteem and motivation have to happen first before you can make changes in your life, then we’ll probably be sharing walkers at a retirement home as we talk over what might have been.”
“The monkeys solved the puzzle simply because they found it gratifying to solve puzzles. They enjoyed it. The joy of the task was its own reward.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.”
“Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.”
“In a story you had to find a reason, but real life gets on very well without even Freudian motivations.”
“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
“If you want him to do it, you've got to change the picture of the world inside his head.”
“Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success.  ”
“It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.”
“The motivation of all artists is 'Look at me, Mum'.”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”
“Don't let your dreams rust! Listen to your youthful bells ringing loud inside of you.”
“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“If it is not strong upon your heart to practice what you read, to what end do you read? To increase your own condemnation? If your light and knowledge be not turned into practice, the more knowing a man you are, the more miserable a man you will be in the day of recompense; your light and knowledge will more torment you than all the devils in hell. Your knowledge will be that rod that will eternally lash you, and that scorpion that will forever bite you, and that worm that will everlastingly gnaw you; therefore read, and labor to know that you may do--or else you are undone forever.”
“Raise the bar higher than your opinion ”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Ish #211 "Your child is your parental obligation, not friend.”
“Someone said that our goals keep us going, but it's our dreams that make us tick. So if you disconnect your goals from your dreams, don't be surprised if one morning you realize that your life is on autopilot.”
“Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms.”
“We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.”
“He was the rarest of things, a Republican with sex appeal.”
“The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.”
“Rather than the strength it takes to not lose, it's the strength to stand back up after a loss that is sometimes more valuable.”
“Needs cause motivation. Deep-rooted desires for esteem, affection, belonging, achievement, self-actualization, power, and control motivate us to push for what we want and need in our lives.”
“Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.”
“Be thankful for the people who have stood by you and cheered you on, but don't forget to be thankful for the ones that said it could not be done. Writing a book is no small task and even the skeptics can help you get where you want to be!”
“If you say no to oppurtunity, you had said no to life”
“You are an artist and the masterpiece is your life.”
“I turned from my window. Suddenly it seemed odd for my neighbors on both sides to have visitors while I had none. For the first time, I felt lonely at 'Sconset. "Let's cook," Frannie said energetically. "We will smell so good that they'll all come running." She picked up a bowl, filled it with apples from the barrel, and immediately began to cut them up. I put water to boil, got out cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, lard, flour, sugar, salt, saleratus, vinegar, and all the other things for apple pies. We both laughed happily. How easy it is, we thought, to make a decision, to implement a remedy, to act.”
“Ambivalence is one of the biggest enemies of change. If you aren't sure that you really want to take action on something such as your weight, ambivalence will usually win.”
“You don't get time. You create time.”
“Tidak ada seorang pun yang bisa dikalahkan, sampai dia menyerah--DI DALAM PIKIRANNYA SENDIRI!”
“ Inevitably, if we are to grow and change as adults, we must gradually learn to confront the challenges, paradoxes, problems and painful reality of an insecure world.”
“I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?”
“It did matter to get out of bed. There were webs to weave. Strings to grasp. Packages to deliver. Conversations to start. Thoughts to be expressed. Sams to slam into. Oceans to swim. And sad little men hiding in electrical sockets, waiting to be born of the human imagination.”
“To be cruel is to be coward.”
“Yeu only live once. No matter what yeu choose to do with it, it should be worth it.”
“Berani tanpa disertai kesabaran akan membunuh anda. Ambisius tanpa kesabaran dapat memusnahkan karier yang paling menjanjikan. Berjuang meraih harta tanpa kesabaran akan mengamblaskan milik yang sudah ada.”
“When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.”
“If you are paying someone to motivate you (seriously), you should rather pay to a psychiatrist.”
“When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.”
“I am the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in life’s chasms. I am also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart, instead of sage advice thrown my way.”
“You are thunder and lightning Love and rage Intensity and sensitivity Made of mountains, oceans Fire and fierce things Dreams and curiosity You are paradoxes and contradictions Some days soft, some days Strong as fuck Always beautiful.”
“The seeds you planted last year will grow in this year. Think hard on that when you plant again.”
“Each man should be free to fight for his own salvation.”
“The ordinary man gets motivation from power and fame. The superior finds motivation in meaning and work itself.”
“Everyone is struggling. I suppose we must try to understand and learn rather than judge”
“Every failure is a chance to make things better than ever”
“To be a poet in a destitute time means: to attend, singing, to the trace of the fugitive god. This is why the poet in the time of the world's night utters the holy.”
“Just like how countless stars did, always in the same spot you will shine brightly on your own.”
“I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me to go. Then I use my mind to break the trap and punish the perpetrators.”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness. Third should come understanding. Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
“If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.”
“Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.”
“Until you believe you can do it, it's going to be difficult to convince anyone else you can do it.”
“Take a discovery walk today to find what's missing in your life. There's peace in the whisper of the wind, hope in the sun smiling from behind clouds, strength in every step forward. You can do it!”
“Neatness and cleanliness is not a function of how rich or poor you are but that of mentality and principle.”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.”
“[Team player vs team builder] Players focus on the wins and the loses. Builders focus on the team and future of the vision. Let's move our members from team player to team builder.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“May you find the courage to rise above any circumstance.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.”
“Never allow anyone or anything to demise or dull your truest identity. Hurtful words and harsh judgments have no impact when your north star, your guiding light, shines from the center of your chest and beats from your own truest heart.”
“Let your past propel you forward, not hold you back.”
“Civilization is a myth. That is the truth this world has taught us. We have not risen above our baser instincts  That is what always has and always will drive us.”
“Your greatness is measured by your horizons.”
“Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM”
“Don't be managed by the likelihood of mishaps. Be motivated by the promise of favor!”
“Apunta a la luna y si fallas, al menos estaras entre las estrellas.”
“Having what you want may give you Achievement. But wanting what you have will give you Fulfillment.”
“She appears quiet and subdued. The paradox: Raging storms twirl inside her.”
“I am not a man of God, I am too little to be that, but once in a while I like to believe in that thing called destiny.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“At times what you expect and what happens don’t match. The faster you accept and adapt to what happened & work towards creating what you believed, that what you expected gets created in a whole new way..!”
“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”
“WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine Excellent Runners!”
“The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE”
“In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works.”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience, Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing! Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly, & Sharing the success with all!”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours, Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life H – Harass H – Hamper H – Hurt H – Harm H – Hinder To Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Follow Your Heart & The world Shall Follow YOU! Reject it and It stops beating!”
“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
“Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you hence the delusion necessary to push on.”
“Grub Street turns out good things almost as often as Parnassus. For if a writer is hard up enough, if he’s far down enough (down where I have been and am rising from, I am really saying), he can’t afford self-doubt and he can’t let other people’s opinions, even a father’s, keep him from writing.”
“Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.”
“IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood ”
“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best  For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..”
“Action is traction.”
“Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.”
“The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.”
“You will encounter many challenges in life. But you must never be defeated by the challenges.”
“Living a daring life is zealous pursuit.”
“Control leads to compliance; autonomy leads to engagement.”
“Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.”
“Did I love what I was doing, or did I love myself in doing it?”
“We mistakenly assume that bodily survival has a higher precedence than ego survival. This is simply not generally true. Ego will happily destroy the body for its own sake. Look at overweight executives headed for heart attacks on the way to getting their pictures in Fortune or anorexic models suffering slow starvation on their way to getting their pictures in Vogue. Protecting ego is the general case.”
“It's hard to stay committed when our heart isn't in it.”
“As water cannot rise higher than its source, so the moral quality in an act can never be higher than the motive that inspires it. For this reason no act that arises from an evil motive can be good, even though some good may appear to come out of it. Every deed done out of anger or spite, for instance, will be found at last to have been done for the enemy and against the kingdom of God.”
“If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito!”
“When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.”
“Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make difference.”
“Things that aren't important, that have nothing to do with winning and losing, don't have to be a rule.”
“If you’ve got a dozen pitchers, you need to speak 12 different languages.”
“Yours is a race whose imagination is limited to its own small appetites. Greed, lust, envy - these are the motivating forces of humankind. What redeems you is that in every man and woman there is a seed that can grow to encompass love, joy and compassion. But this seed is never allowed to prosper in fertile ground. It struggles for life among the rocks of your human soul.”
“Many outsiders clarified that they believe Christians have a right (even an obligation) to pursue political involvement, but they disagree with our methods and our attitudes. They say we seem to be pursuing an agenda that benefits only ourselves; that we expect too much out of politics; they question whether we are motivated by our economic status rather than faith perspectives when we support conservative politics; they claim we act and say things in an unchristian manner; they wonder whether Jesus would use political power as we do; and they are concerned that we overpowered the voices of other groups.”
“He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.”~ Amunhotep El Bey”
“It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours ”
“Student engagement is the product of motivation and active learning. It is a product rather than a sum because it will not occur if either element is missing.”
“What baseball managers did do, on occasion, beginning in the early 1980s, was hire some guy who knew how to switch on the computer. But they did this less with honest curiosity than in the spirit of a beleaguered visitor to Morocco hiring a tour guide: pay off one so that the seventy-five others will stop trying to trade you their camels for your wife. Which one you pay off is largely irrelevant.”
“There were three things sought by invaders who crossed oceans to discover America. Those were gold, gospel, glory. There are four things sought by aliens who crossed heavens to discover planet earth. Those are gold, gospel, glory, gene.”
“It is the very use of coercion, positive or negative, that breaks or deadens the spirit, which is the source of motivation.”
“There is only one motive for writing a novel: to be published and read. To me there is no distinction between the mystery novel and the novel, only between good books and bad books. A good book takes the reader into a new world of experience; it is an experiment. A bad book, unless the writing is inept, reinforces the intransigent attitude of the reader not to experiment with a new world. Since there are criminals and psychopaths and sociopaths in all my novels they are in a way psychological thrillers.”
“Trust not in Sprites nor the motivations of a Gnome.”
“We need something that encourages us to work, we need an intimate aid. This is only possible through meditation.”
“Ardour in well-doing is a misleading and a treacherous thing. It cries out loudly for employment; you can't satisfy it at first; it wants more and more; it is eager to move mountains and divert the course of rivers. It isn't content till it perspires. And then, too often, when it feels the perspiration on its brow, it wearies all of a sudden and dies, without even putting itself to the trouble of saying, "I've had enough of this.”
“An employee's motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.”
“Ish #28 "Give you child a name with meaning.”
“Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.”
“If you accept working for 'peanuts' don't complain when you're treated like a monkey.”
“I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success victory; it has my complete focus.”
“Seeking Your face and not only Your hand, I find You embracing me just as I am.”
“How can we become writers if we do not believe ourselves, first of all, that we can write and that the qualities of a writer can flourish in us?”
“Please remember: when you are so afraid to run that even your fluffy ears and tail are shaking, that is exactly the moment you must do it. Otherwise, you will be left on the starting line all the time.”
“Entertainment is often just a cheap way to quench our natural thirst for meaning by encouraging us to exercise passivity when we ought to act with passion.”
“Meaning is not found in passivity. You must track it down with fervent pursuit and fierce endurance. Meaning must be earned.”
“Conversation with a Butterfly: You see one day I was sitting on the porch all to myself, Contemplating on what to do, I had no money, no wealth, That's when I saw a butterfly come down from the sky, With wings so beautiful, so pleasant to the eye, I wanted to touch them, but I thought twice, I knew my fingerprint alone could create just a slight, Unevenness in her weight, which would surely affect her flight, I told the butterfly that she was lovely and brought me some cheer, But it would soon leave when she disappeared, You see I wish I could soar, and have wings such as yours, I wish I could be as wealthy as she is beautiful and so much more, The butterfly just looked with a tear in her eye, I wasn't always this beautiful and I am at the end of my life, This is just the reward of a long struggle, I never gave up and now I am humble, I never complained about where God placed me, You see he gave me struggles and doors placed just for me, I knew that I couldn't have what others had so I focused on my own, I never gave up and now others envy me alone, Not knowing what I had to go through for the finished product, I just hung true to my faith and that for me was enough, So don't get stuck in my life because you don't know it, Work your process and the end result will show it, That you and I are the same, See you are a butterfly, just by a different name,”
“It always works when you know what you're doing”
“I've realized that you might have big waves, and you may have small waves. But it never matters because the waves always break. And what if they don't? That just means that you must keep swimming until your wave appears.”
“Having a clear vision and a solid plan for your business is essential, but it’s equally important to be flexible and adaptable as circumstances evolve. Surround yourself with people who inspire and support your goals, and stay focused on your long-term vision.”
“Just being on the right track isn't enough to guarantee success. You must keep moving forward and taking action, or you'll get left behind.”
“Clarity gives you the courage to pursue your dreams and the power to make them a reality — now is the time to get clear on what you want!”
“It takes courage to break unhealthy habits and replace them with healthier ones — stick to it, and keep moving forward with determination”
“Leadership is an ongoing journey — have courage, stay humble, and always strive to be the best version of yourself”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely!”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation.”
“Small wins lead to a big mindset shift - from 'I can't' to 'I can'. Celebrate them all.”
“Don't wait for opportunities to come knocking on your door. Create your own and make things happen.”
“Leadership is not just about achieving success for yourself, it's about helping others achieve success as well.”
“Make time to reflect on the impact that your habits have on yourself and others— then adjust accordingly when needed!”
“Have the courage to take risks, because if you don't, you'll never know what lies beyond your comfort zone.”
“Your past does not define your future. Learn from your mistakes, let go of what no longer serves you, and create a brighter tomorrow.”
“Keep your vision clear, stay committed to your beliefs, and always lead with integrity. The rest will fall into place.”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority, it's about earning respect.”
“Integrity must always be seen in action and never in question.”
“Consistency, not gurus. Discipline, not motivation. Action, not information, is the key.”
“Not giving up is like continuous practice ꓽ you get better in the end.”
“For you to be propelled to greater heights in life there are some things you don’t learn in school —like learning not to quit.”
“If you want to learn about patriarchal families, you don't ask the father, you ask the mother; then maybe you will learn something.”
“Unlocking Success: Embracing Consistency and Productivity for a Fulfilling Life”
“Greatest motivation is self-motivation.”
“All goals or motivations fit within two categories: approach or avoid. For instance, going to work because you don’t want to lose your house is an avoidance-driven goal. Going to work to get a promotion is more approach- motivated. Your reason or goal, whether positive or negative, approach or avoidance motivated, is the driver of your thoughts, energy, and actions. In all instances, humans act as we do based on the future we see for ourselves. That may be a future we’re trying to avoid, or a future we’re trying to create.”
“An honest life starts with an honest assessment of self. You are neither worthless nor preeminent but somewhere in between.”
“Success and failure are derived not from anything you possess but rather by the things you do. Your successes and failures rest on your actions and your actions alone.”
“There is never the potential for success without a corresponding potential for failure.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.”
“The great lie of youth: that it will last.”
“The young never fully appreciate what they mean to the old until they are old.”
“You may treat the past and future as realities, but they are only realities in your memory and imagination. Only the present exists.”
“With each passing moment, an infinity of potentialities become just one reality, your life narrowing with each tick of the clock.”
“Time: life’s inexorable weapon of humiliation.”
“Life is hard because it cannot last, because it must not last. Its very definition is that which lies tenuously between nonexistence and nonexistence.”
“You exist to be cared for only to a point, and with a purpose: that one day you might care for others.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“No one appreciates anonymity as much as those who have lost it, and you only get to lose it once.”
“Why do we so desire fame? Because we desire to matter.”
“Wealth and fame may be consequences of success, but they are not success itself. You want to be great? Great. Why?”
“Whatever you find yourself doing at any moment is the most important thing in the world to you at that moment.”
“Easy things do not call us to great action, because they are too easy to require great action.”
“Don’t fear high expectations; embrace them. Choose to do hard things.”
“Learn to mock your influence on the world or wait for the world to do it for you; you won’t have to wait long.”
“Sit around too long thinking about how to begin and you’ll consume all your provisions while your ship rots in the harbor.”
“Why leave the comfort of the harbor? Because you are a ship captain, and a ship captain sails.”
“To be called is to be drawn by something outside yourself, something bigger than yourself.”
“You may not have the power to do anything or everything you would like, but you do have the power to do something.”
“You can’t conjure up moments of clarity at will, but you can make a habit of quieting yourself and giving them the opportunity to occur.”
“An essential part of figuring out who you are is taking your eyes off yourself and seeing everything that is not you.”
“Forget yourself, and you may just find what you were made to be and do.”
“A lazy man often lacks the motivation to fight the very thing that has sapped him of his motivation.”
“A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.”
“Success belongs to those who dream big and focus on what matters most.”
“Simplify your goals, focus on the top three, demolish the main obstacle, and stay fiercely determined.”
“Don't wait for success to find you; instead, identify the skills and knowledge you need to achieve your dreams. Pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you exceed your wildest expectations.”
“Dreaming is easy, hammering out concrete details is hard.”
“Limits can be great for inspiring creative solutions.”
“If you believe that the show you’re making will improve the world, there’s nothing saying that your goals and self-interests and someone else’s goals and interests have to be mutually exclusive. They can align.”
“Fear gets feverish, attain such height. Haters go blind, burn so bright. Courage isn't absence of fear, courage is to overcome fear. Birds get jealous, fly to such heights.”
“One special gift that is often overlooked is the spirit of persistence.”
“Time is a slimy wimy thing, Life is a blessy messy thing. Love is a happy crappy thing, Mind is a mighty fighty thing.”
“Be your own armor, Be your motivator. Your are the tide of impossible light, You are your carburetor.”
“I'll find out the truth,' Leta whispered into the black. 'I promise, Mother.”
“I only cry once when I get hurt by the same thing at first.”
“Enemies aren't a drawback to the one who takes notes from them.”
“If you wish to leave a legacy, the things you do cannot matter only to you.”
“A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.”
“Your legacy is not simply a matter of what you do but a matter of who you do it for.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“Anxiety and depression are your friends. They tell you there is something undone that must be done, something you must do. They demand action.”
“When you don’t know who you are, do something, something that seems worth doing, and keep doing that until you figure out who you are, or at least who you would like to be.”
“Life is amply confusing on its own; don’t create confusion where it doesn’t exist. You don’t get to make the world whatever you wish it to be. You don’t get to make yourself whatever you wish to be.”
“Not everything put into you is good or right, but it is good enough, and it is all important.”
“Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.”
“It is no great accomplishment to take care of yourself—I’ve known children of ten or twelve who can do that. To become a true adult, you must become more than independent; you must become dependable.”
“You are not truly yourself until you no longer define yourself in others’ terms.”
“Once you know who you are, you need not fear being misunderstood, or isolated, or bullied. You won’t care whether others respect you, because you know who you are.”
“Life is a risk. Life is also punctuated by moments of great risk, and your identity and legacy are shaped by how you respond in those critical moments.”
“Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.”
“Your moments of great risk are not yours alone. The decisions you make in those moments are of great import to a great many people—people of great import to you.”
“Courage is simply the commitment to do the right thing even when it is difficult.”
“You are not special, but you are unique.”
“Each month brings its own sacred mercies.”
“If they call you a dreamer, ignore them and keep dreaming. I know of a lad who was called that — he went on to become a governor of Egypt.”
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.”
“Live life on your terms, make decisions based on facts and not on opinions, and blaze your own path.”
“Life can feel unpredictable and overwhelming, but staying mindful can put you in the driver's seat.”
“Successful people don't let fear paralyze them. They feel it, acknowledge it, and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.”
“Change your perspective on influence – it is a tool that can be used to build meaningful relationships, move conversations in new directions, and bring out the best in people.”
“Success begins with action – turn your thoughts into reality and make your dreams come true by putting plans into motion!”
“Invest in yourself and make progress – use small steps to move towards bigger goals.”
“Action-oriented thinking leads to lasting change - set yourself up for success by committing to executing your plans with purpose.”
“The power of influence lies within each person, allowing them to build something beautiful and impactful when harnessed correctly.”
“Confidence isn't a destination — it's a journey, and you have the power to decide which path to take.”
“Being a high performer is like being an elite race car, speeding past the competition with ease. But even the best cars need to make pit stops to recharge and refuel. Take the time to rest, re-energize, and focus on self-care, for it's these moments of rejuvenation that will give you the strength to cross the finish line and win the race.”
“Taking care of your mental health empowers you to take on any challenge that comes your way - no matter how unexpected.”
“It only takes one step towards a dream for possibilities to open up — stay focused on that goal no matter what gets in your way!”
“Find your flow, trust in yourself, and let your passion guide you towards the life you've always dreamed of.”
“We’re all on our own journey, so never forget to love yourself enough and make every moment count.”
“Own your power, take action toward your goals, and watch them become a reality.”
“Feeling overwhelmed? Take action. By breaking tasks into manageable steps, you can conquer overwhelm and achieve your goals.”
“Don't underestimate the power of seemingly insignificant wins - they have the potential to shift everything.”
“The path to success is paved with hard work, persistence, and a willingness to take action.”
“Productivity is about focusing on what truly matters and taking inspired action toward your definition of success.”
“Remember to prioritize self-care and rest, as they are essential components of success. By taking time to refuel, you'll be able to perform better and reach your goals faster.”
“Embrace your desires and strive for greatness, but do so with grace and ease. Be kind to yourself, and understand that setbacks are a natural part of any journey.”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“Dream big, act bigger — don't let challenges or failures stop you from realizing your ambitions!”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation!”
“Take responsibility for your actions and strive to become even better every day — this is the key to lasting success!”
“Every day is an opportunity for new adventures. Seize them with open arms.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about the satisfaction that comes from knowing you gave it your all.”
“Life is an ongoing journey of self-discovery. Embrace the lessons and keep evolving.”
“Embrace the unknown, for it is where true growth and transformation happen.”
“Success is not about achieving perfection; it's about making progress and learning from failures.”
“Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it by playing small. Aim for greatness.”
“The greatest failure in life is not trying at all. Dare to chase your dreams.”
“Adventure is calling, and it's time to answer with courage and enthusiasm.”
“Success is not about luck; it's about perseverance and relentless determination.”
“Life is too short to live in fear. Take risks, embrace change, and live fully.”
“Dream big, work hard, and stay humble. Success will follow.”
“Find joy in the simplest of things, for happiness lies in appreciating life's small wonders.”
“Be curious, be adventurous, and never stop exploring the world around you.”
“Surround yourself with positive influences and watch your life transform.”
“Success is not about reaching the top; it's about lifting others up along the way.”
“Life is too precious to be spent dwelling on the past. Live in the present and create a brighter future.”
“Adversity reveals our true strength and resilience. Embrace it as a catalyst for growth.”
“Success is not guaranteed, but neither is failure. Take a chance and see where it leads you.”
“Success is not about being better than others; it's about being the best version of yourself.”
“Embrace uncertainty, for it is the gateway to growth and transformation.”
“Life is a canvas. Paint it with colors that bring you joy.”
“Live your life as if every day is an adventure.”
“The best way to predict your future is to create it with passion and purpose.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become along the way.”
“Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important and capture the good times.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about how you feel about yourself.”
“Adventure awaits those who seek it with an open heart.”
“Success is not an overnight phenomenon; it's the result of consistent effort over time.”
“Failure is not the end; it's a stepping stone towards success.”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.”
“Transform your life, one habit at a time. Develop daily practices that align with your goals, stay consistent, and become unstoppable.”
“Obstacles are opportunities in disguise. Stay motivated, stay productive, and hold yourself accountable for your success. With every challenge, you grow stronger and closer to your goals.”
“In the depths of struggle, we discover the true strength that resides within us.”
“The struggle you face today is the strength you will carry tomorrow.”
“Challenges are not roadblocks; they are stepping stones on the path to greatness.”
“Struggle breeds resilience, and resilience paves the way for triumph.”
“A diamond shines brightest after enduring immense pressure.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for growth and self-discovery.”
“The struggle is not a sign of weakness but a testament to your determination.”
“Embrace the struggle, for it molds you into the person you are meant to be.”
“When faced with adversity, remember that stars shine brightest in the darkest skies.”
“The struggle may be tough, but so are you. Keep pushing forward.”
“The struggle is the catalyst for change and the birthplace of innovation.”
“Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on, but you keep going anyway.”
“Greatness is not achieved without conquering the battles that come your way.”
“The struggle is the canvas upon which our character is painted.”
“Just as a butterfly emerges from its cocoon, your struggles can lead to beautiful transformation.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for resilience, growth, and personal evolution.”
“Struggle is the fire that tempers the steel of our determination.”
“Every struggle carries within it the seeds of wisdom and strength.”
“The struggle shapes us, but it does not define us. We define ourselves through how we overcome.”
“Remember, the darkest nights produce the brightest stars. Embrace your struggle and let your light shine.”
“Embrace failure as a stepping stone towards growth and wisdom. It's a necessary part of the journey.”
“Success is not about how fast you reach your goals; it's about how much you enjoy the ride.”
“Life is meant to be an adventure. Seek experiences that ignite your soul.failure, inspiration, life, motivation, pep-talk-radio, struggle, success, passion, adventure”
“Don't be afraid to go against the grain. It's in the unconventional that greatness often lies.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become in the process.”
“Life is too short to be lived in the confines of your comfort zone. Break free and explore.”
“Don't let fear of failure hold you back. Embrace it as a stepping stone towards success.”
“Sometimes life will make you smile, and other times it will make you frown. Life has its ups and downs. Yours is to make every day count.”
“Sometimes life will require that you walk a million miles. Do it, no matter how hard it becomes. One day, you will look back and be proud that you were able to do that.”
“Sometimes people will come into your life asking for your help, only for them to put you in a mess. Help yourself by all means; do not allow anyone’s mess to leave you in distress.”
“Sometimes the more you do good, the more tragedies you will experience in life, but you can sleep well at night knowing you have done your best to help others.”
“The quality of your thoughts determines how far you can go in life.”
“The splendour of life is often experienced after you have overcome the challenges in your path.”
“Things may not be going well in your life, but you are still alive. That is all that matters. Look for every opportunity possible to find happiness in your path.”
“This is life, figure out what needs to be done and do it right; that is how you live a fruitful life.”
“This is your only chance to give life your best shot. Do not miss it at all!”
“This life does not have a best friend. It only has voyagers who travel from their date of birth until their date of death.”
“Watching drama play out from afar could seem fun, but it can be very sad if it is in your life. Avoid any form of drama and stay away from those who fuel it with their lies.”
“Whatever you do, do it right. If it comes back to you later in life, you will be glad you did what was right.”
“When life seems hard, work hard to overcome those hardships. Yes, it may take a while for the breakthroughs to come to pass, but when you do what you must and do it right, one day you will be super proud.”
“When the right people walk into your life, the right things start to happen.”
“When you are surrounded by those who make life easy, you will enjoy it. But in the company of those who complicate things, life will not be easy.”
“When you compete with others in life, you miss the chance to complete your own race with grace.”
“When you feel all alone and in the dark, never give up. When the time is right, life will grant you great rewards.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are better than the old ones.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are much better than the old ones.”
“Work hard now so that in the evening of your life, you can still enjoy the sunrise.”
“You know you have mastered the art of life when you refuse to be the one who points fingers, and decide to be the one who helps find the right answers.”
“Your life is your business. Take care of it and treat it like serious business. Do not get too involved in other people’s businesses and neglect yours in the process.”
“It takes some time to succeed in life because true success is not just about the money, but also about the great lessons learned on the path to success.”
“1.	In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“Identify your top three goals and demolish the number one obstacle. Stay laser-focused and fiercely determined on your objective, and success will be yours for the taking.”
“Whether you want to double down on previous successes, address significant challenges, or embark on new endeavors, identify your top three goals.”
“Don’t wait for success to find you. Identify the skills and knowledge you need, pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you surpass your wildest dreams.”
“Don’t let unfinished business weigh you down. Finish what you started and unlock the door to limitless possibilities.”
“Reflect on the impact you make each day. Ask yourself, if someone replaced you today, what would they bring? Strive for excellence, build your skills, and own your success.”
“Even if you admire someone else’s life, do not desire it, for you do not know what they have gone through.”
“Even if you have the best mentors, you still have to go out and do the work. No one can do life on your behalf.”
“Fixate your eyes on things that can fix your life.”
“Harsh words spoken to you must not depict the end of your dreams. Use those words to energize you into doing something great. In life, champions are those who are not afraid to fly high, regardless of any attempt to pull them down.”
“If you can understand the basics of life, you are better than a person who complicates even the easiest things.”
“In life, some questions do not require you to get answers from outside. They need you to search on the inside.”
“In recent years, it has become increasingly difficult to digest some situations because of people who make assumptions about life's conditions based solely on screenshots, oblivious to what occurred before those screenshots.”
“It is hard to define life entirely, but what I know about life is that it will give you a chance to define yourself. So do your level best to put yourself out there.”
“It is okay not to be okay when things are not okay in your life.”
“It is significant to look after yourself and your significant others. In the process, do away with the insignificant things in life.”
“It is vital to be useful in life because when you do not use your gifts, you become useless.”
“Learn to allow some chapters in your life to close so you can start new, beautiful chapters.”
“Learn to prohibit anything that hinders your progress in life.”
“Life is a one-way trip with no return ticket. Always remember that you are in transit.”
“Never desire someone else’s life. You have no clue what they have been through. You may also not fully understand what they are going through.”
“The essence of life is to live it, not as a competition but as a race. In this race, you can crawl, walk, or run the best way you deem fit, as long as you are moving forward.”
“Never let the tragedies of life transform you into a human tragedy.”
“No amount of wealth is worth your life. Never sell your soul in exchange for a fat cheque. Remember that you can only enjoy that wealth when you are alive.”
“No matter the difficulties you face, do not be a difficult person. Choose to make life easy for others.”
“Not everything will make sense in life; that does not mean you should accept nonsense.”
“One act of kindness can change or even save someone's life. Be kind to yourself and others!”
“Precious moments with precious people can help you realize how precious life can be.”
“Save your life. Stay away from people who do not like to see you smile.”
“Self-evaluation helps you identify areas that need attention in your life. So, make time to learn more about who you are.”
“Shortcuts can cut your life short. Avoid them at all costs.”
“Showing some people, the door when their time in your life is up is not a crime; it is a proactive stance to save your life.”
“Some things will feel too good to be true, but never feel bad about them because you also deserve good things in life.”
“Heart, brain and backbone, if you have these three, you have everything to succeed.”
“Make it your sole intention to be part of the solution. When you learn how to efficiently solve problems, you will attract many opportunities.”
“When brain stops, When heart stops, What is left of you? When eyes fail, When memory fails, What is left of you? When your last molecule has merged with nature, What is left of you? That's what you've really achieved - Testament to the fact that, there ever was a you.”
“Life will present you with different people, things and places. What matters is what you do with them in order to make a difference.”
“Make a meaningful difference in someone’s life. It is of paramount importance to them and you as well.”
“Not everyone was given a chance to be alive today. So, find happiness, enjoy your life and make a difference.”
“Things may get hard sometimes, but the most important thing is to make a difference in life.”
“Those who know why they are on earth do not mind making a difference in life because they know what others do not know–purpose.”
“When you do your due diligence to make a difference, you will live a life of elegance.”
“You can make a difference even with your silence. Life is not always about making unnecessary noise. What matters is what you do to make a difference.”
“Appreciate the lessons brought to you by the courtesy of life. Some came through sweat and blood, but significant for your path.”
“If you can endure the process and look back with a clear thought process, you will realize that some of life's best lessons came from a place where you were rejected.”
“In your life, there are things you never expected yet they happened. That is because they needed to happen for you to learn some necessary lessons.”
“Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“Life is a mandatory school for the living. Everyone is a learner because every day, life offers mandatory lessons.”
“Life offers many free lessons, but most people would rather pay the heavy price of ignorance because they cannot pay attention to the subtle lessons of life.”
“Life will always teach you good lessons and if you are a good learner, you will become wiser.”
“What distinguishes the wise from the unwise is their ability to embrace life’s distinctive lessons.”
“Know who you are; it will help you live a good life.”
“Life comes once. Live wisely.”
“Life is a one-way road with no reverse option, so live it with caution and avoid any commotion.”
“Life is a temporary trip through this world, so do not live as if you are a permanent resident.”
“Life is easy when you live among people who do not make things difficult for you.”
“Life is precious. Live your own life, love it and look after it.”
“Life will always have highs and lows. Learn to live triumphantly, no matter what happens.”
“Life will offer you a unique experience, so ensure you live each day without fear, doubt, or regret.”
“The best way to live a better life is to do your best while you still have breath.”
“Time will keep moving even after your life comes to an end. So, make sure you live well and leave a legacy that can outlast your time on earth.”
“As the grass withers with time, so does life fade away. That is why you need to make an impact while you still have a chance.”
“At every level of your life, you need to take a step forward, or else you will remain the same and be left behind.”
“Be ready to adjust in life because it can get bumpy at any time.”
“A combination of minutes makes one’s lifetime. Make sure that none of those counts as wasted time.”
“Even if life had happened the way you wanted, you would still be disgruntled because it is not what happens that makes you content but how you choose to react.”
“Sometimes, painful circumstances will find their way into your life. Be prepared for them and find ways to overcome them!”
“You will inevitably go through pain. Do not let it take your life down the drain. Do something of value, regardless of the pain and focus on the things you can still gain.”
“Success in life is possible if you allow yourself to learn, dare to be different and make a difference in the world.”
“If you always think of ways to succeed, you will find ways to succeed. In life, everything begins with how you think.”
“If you want a life of success, you should be ready to make the necessary sacrifices.”
“If you want success in your life, do not focus on what others are doing. Instead, focus on what you should be doing.”
“It is not always easy to go through life. Sometimes stuff happens and you face hard times, but you do not have to be hard on yourself. You can still do your best and become a great success.”
“On your way to success, you will occasionally meet those who are not impressed by what you do. Keep going; do not be bothered by their opinions. Life is not about impressing everyone. It is about having goals and actualizing them, whether others are impressed or unimpressed.”
“Success in one area of life and failure in another can affect your stance on success. Aim to succeed in the key areas of life so you will not feel like a failure.”
“Your success in life will depend on whether or not you are willing to persevere and follow the necessary processes until you get there.”
“If you value your time, do not entertain anything that does not edify your life.”
“If you want a valuable life, ensure that whosoever is part of your inner circle protects your peace of mind and adds value in their own right.”
“Life can never be a dress rehearsal. It is real. Value your time and put no value on people or things that add no value to your life.”
“Look around. You will never find another person with your exact kind of life. Your path is unique. So, make sure that your thoughts, convictions and values enable you to add value.”
“No matter what happens in life, never underestimate your own value.”
“Not every treasure is treasured in life. A diamond is meaningless in the hands of a monkey, but a banana is. So, do not lose courage when others ill-treat you regardless of your value. Some people do not know how to value valuable things. Hence, they will never care about you.”
“Value your life. You have been given a rare chance to live; remember that no one else can have that life but you.”
“You should not deny yourself a profitable life by associating with people who add no value.”
“Your life is more valuable than all the precious stones in this world. Realize your own value and do something of value.”
“Beyond today, no one knows how life will turn out. So, while you can, celebrate the special moments.”
“Capture the best moments in life, and overlook the bad ones. Learn to celebrate life while you still have time.”
“Celebrate the present moment and never dwell on what happened in the past if you want to enjoy life.”
“Celebrate your life and remember that you were given a chance that many aborted babies were denied.”
“Do not get it twisted. Life will always have twists and turns. One way or another, your turn to celebrate or cry will come. Either way, live a joyful life!”
“It is not easy to forget those who touched your life in a special way. It is good to celebrate life’s heroes while they are still alive. Choose to appreciate the good things they have done.”
“Life is a beautiful journey filled with discoveries every single day. So, as you go through each day, find ways to celebrate life.”
“The most important thing in life is not to be a celebrity. It is to be able to celebrate life regardless of your status in society.”
“Be good to yourself and others. When you do that, you will be able to make a difference in life.”
“If you want to make a difference in life, do not be terrified of change. It will position you in a higher dimension.”
“Life is amazing, but its amazing wonders are hard to realize when others become atrocious. Wherever you are, choose to be good, do good, and make a difference.”
“Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.”
“Life is great when you take charge of your happiness. If it happens that you lose it somewhere, go back and fetch it. Never leave behind your happiness, and never settle for a life of brokenness.”
“Life is too short to be unhappy. Disengage from anyone or anything that takes your happiness away.”
“Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.”
“Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.”
“In life, it is wise to acknowledge that you do not know certain things. After all, no one knows everything.”
“In this life, do not take things lightly all the time. Have the wisdom to discern when things are serious.”
“Life offers various lessons, but it is your choice to take them or leave them. If you take those lessons, you will make your way into the world of wisdom.”
“Life requires both discernment and wisdom because some people come to help solve problems, while others come to create more problems. Discernment will help you know them, and wisdom will help you know how to deal with them.”
“Look for the lessons life presents, because through them you can gain the knowledge and wisdom to live well.”
“Many situations in life will make you wise if you learn to glean wisdom from the littlest things.”
“When you embrace wisdom, it refines and redefines who you are in life.”
“Wisdom is the ability to close your eyes and open your mouth to ask God about His plans for your life.”
“Your life will take better shape if you are willing to find wisdom and have the courage to climb the highest mountains.”
“Do not sit back and let people make key plans on your behalf. Wake up and stand up for your life.”
“How far you will go in life depends on how far you are willing to learn, plan and implement the good lessons you have learned.”
“In this life, if you want to be in a league of your own, learn and plan to be your own cheerleader until you become a champion.”
“It is wise to plan effectively and do what is required in order to live a fruitful life.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing that no situation will last forever. No matter how hard it gets, plan to overcome and there will always be a way out.”
“Never give up on yourself, no matter what happens in life. When you follow God's plans for your life, one day you will be fine.”
“No matter how hard life is for you right now, never attempt to take your own life. Give life another chance. Have better plans for the remaining years you have and you will be amazed by how far you get.”
“Plan in advance to avoid unnecessary headaches in life.”
“Some delays are meant to preserve your life. So do not be weary when things do not go according to your plan.”
“Sometimes people will not comprehend your plans. Go ahead and implement them if God is on your side because in life, not everything you do will make sense to others.”
“When things fall apart after you have done your best, it does not mean you are a failure. Cherish your life, and let no one make you feel inferior. It only means things did not go according to plan, but you can still do better.”
“If disappointments from the past keep distracting you from moving forward in life, find better ways to overcome. Yes, disappointments will occur. Broken dreams will be real from time to time. But never, ever, ever, ever conclude your life based on your past. You can still prosper. Let go of your painful past. Do what sets your soul on fire and you will live a better life.”
“If it so happens that it rains so badly in life, do not feel ashamed when you get wet. Life is like that. You cannot control everything that happens. There will be moments when you feel completely broken. Hang in there; do not allow the pain to make you feel helpless. One day, you will ride on the wings of greatness.”
“Life was designed to be neither painful nor pain-free. You have to journey through it, irrespective of the pain or pleasures along the way.”
“Even if you have been through a painful past, do not dwell on that. What matters is that you are still alive. Bank on that and make your life count.”
“Life will not always be pain-free. But as painful as it can sometimes be, being alive can also be pleasing.”
“Life offers us an opportunity to live. Choose to live right and be a shining light.”
“Life will offer you an opportunity to make choices. You can choose greatness or insignificance, brightness or darkness, happiness or sadness. Whatever you choose, let it be your choice and not somebody else’s.”
“No matter what life throws your way, choose to be a much better person today than you were yesterday.”
“Some people come into your life to make it worthwhile, while others come to waste time. Choose the ones worth your while.”
“Some people will make your life seem like heaven; others will make it seem like hell. Choose to ignore the latter. Life is better when you are surrounded by angels.”
“Sometimes life will put you through tough times. Choose not to give up until you overcome.”
“When you choose to capture the best moments in life, life becomes a beautiful adventure.”
“You are only presented with one life, and you can either choose to make it better or worse. Choose wisely!”
“You may not have everything right now, but you can choose to make something out of your life.”
“From time to time, life will present you with an opportunity to make your mark. Learn to discern and choose to be different. It is when you do the things that help you stand out that you will be able to shine your light.”
“Change is imminent in life because yesterday will never be the same as today or tomorrow. So be ready to handle each day as it comes.”
“Depend not on human beings because they change time and again. People who were once close can become estranged. That is the strange thing about life, it changes right in front of your eyes.”
“Do not beat yourself up about the things you cannot change. It will make your life difficult. Take heart and take charge of what you need to change.”
“Find yourself in the right spaces, go places and make the necessary changes. Life is not only about where you have been. It is also about places you should see and people you should meet.”
“If you want to change your life, you must be willing to do two things that are critical. Firstly, change your mind and secondly, discard what does not produce the desired results.”
“Life can change at any time. That is why you need loved ones who can take care of you when things go south.”
“Change liberates and change elevates. If you want to live a life where you experience the greatest form of grace, live a life where you embrace change.”
“Sometimes change is what you need to do the things you never dared to do—to focus on big dreams and make them real.”
“In life, not all opportunities will come easily. Some will even seem as if they do not exist. But it is up to you to search for, find, and utilize them while time still allows.”
“Life will always offer you incredible opportunities to run your race. As you run that race, focus on your lane and not on your neighbours’ if you want to be great.”
“Life will present you with good opportunities. Seize them and experience a life of possibilities.”
“The older you get, the more you realize how short life can be. That is why you need to seize opportunities while they still exist.”
“There are endless opportunities in life; do not miss out. Be smart and put yourself to the task of looking them up.”
“Those who make it in life are those who seize opportunities, not those who are opportunists.”
“When good opportunities come in your life, it is not time to sit around. It is time to arise and utilize them so you can prosper.”
“While it is great to have equal opportunities in life, it is equally important to use those opportunities to make a difference in other people's lives.”
“A life of happiness requires you to get rid of any form of bitterness.”
“Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.”
“Be kind, be happy and be wise. Refuse to be anyone’s playground in life. Embrace happiness wherever you are.”
“If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.”
“Every human being deserves a better life; it is the inhumane ones who do not mind taking that better life away from others.”
“Genuine beauty never fades, even when the journey of life ends.”
“If life was so easy, it would not be worth living. It is the mountains and valleys that make life exciting.”
“It is risky not to take calculated risks in life.”
“No one has a perfect life; that is the bottom line.”
“No one has their life together, even if they do, it will not be forever. At some point in time, life happens to everyone.”
“Outstanding people are those who choose to stand up regardless of the setbacks in life.”
“Self-mastery is a significant skill for those who want a life of victory.”
“Some people made it in life not because they attained the highest marks in class but because they chose to make their mark.”
“Sometimes waking up is not easy, but waking up is what makes life easy.”
“The earth’s surface is not smooth everywhere. Life is just like that; it is full of twists and turns.”
“The most progressive approach to life is to discuss ideas rather than people.”
“The noble thing about life is that, in different ways, it treats everyone the same.”
“The true meaning of life is known by the One who made mankind.”
“The wisdom to tackle the challenges of life differentiates extraordinary people from ordinary ones.”
“There is only one direction in life: forward and not backward.”
“There will be times when life seems unfair. But the fortunate thing is that it eventually demonstrates that it can be fair.”
“There’s no school of life where one can get certified. Yet it offers the same courses with a different set of tests for each person alive.”
“Those who stand up and do what is right. Those who shine their light so others can find the right path. Those who make life a little easier with their time, talent and treasure. deserve all the good things in life!”
“Doubt casts away the possibility of living a purposeful life. Cast it away!”
“It is not too late to turn a new page and write a good story of your life. There is more you can do if you do not keep your purpose out of sight.”
“Life grants each person a unique purpose to accomplish. You are here on earth for a reason; you just need to find it. If you cannot change the world, at least change yourself. Do something to make the world a better place.”
“Life is not on autopilot. You will have to stop, go forward, reverse, or park at times. But the best time is when you move forward. It is when you go places you were meant to go. When you go where no one else has ever dared to go. When you go, as if there is nothing else to stop you on the road, because each time you decide to go, it helps you discover more about your purpose.”
“Life is worthwhile when you walk on a path aligned with your purpose.”
“Life will grant you the opportunity to pursue your purpose. Be well-informed, seek wisdom and ensure that whatever you do is purpose-aligned.”
“The gift of life is too precious, do not live your life under the pressure of someone who misdirects you from your purpose.”
“When you honour the precepts of life, and fulfil your purpose, you will be delighted by its magnificence.”
“You can only realize the splendour of life if you are willing to fulfil your purpose while you still have time.”
“Endeavour to make the right choices in life. It will help you attract the right outcomes.”
“Life is what you make of it. It will not always give you what you want, but you can still choose what you want to become.”
“Everything rises and falls from mindset. If your mindset is right you will be right. If your mindset is wrong, you will be wrong. Let your mindset be optimistic.”
“A bee will sting but still make honey. A rose will prick, but have a good scent. Life is like that, there will always be bad and good aspects. Yours is to focus on what is more important.”
“In life, God is like the director of a film. He knows when to change scenes. Do not just rewrite the script without consulting Him. It is crucial to listen to what He directs you to do in Spirit. That being said, remember that life is not a film. You cannot repeat or undo scenes. There will be no audience to watch all the time, but He will. So, whatever you do, do it knowing that He who is unseen is watching.”
“Life is like a colouring book. The drawings may be very standard, but you can choose to colour them in a manner that makes them stand out.”
“Life is like a garden. Nurture it and plant the right seeds so they can bear good fruits. Do not let anyone plant the wrong seeds in your life because you will harvest them.”
“Life is like a glass bowl—very fragile. Please handle it with utmost care because once it breaks, it will still have cracks even after glueing it together.”
“Life is like a river. It only moves in one direction—towards the ocean. Your life is also moving in one direction—towards the cemetery. Therefore, prepare enough for a triumphant exit.”
“Life is like a tree that provides shade. It is like the rain that waters the plants and the sunrise that makes people smile. It is such an amazing wonder.”
“Life is like driving on the road. You will sometimes encounter speed limits, speed bumps, speed cops, slippery roads and sharp curves. The road will not always be flat, regardless of the vehicle you drive. What is important is to arrive at the right destination despite the variations as you advance.”
“Life is like the vastness of the ocean; it reflects the workmanship of the Creator.”
“Most times, you will realize that value is relative. Just as the rain is convenient to a farmer and convenient to a hunter, so is life. Some will like you; others will loathe you. Some will applaud you; others will criticize you. Some will stand with you, others will backstab you. Learn to accept these realities, and you will not be fazed by unfavourable conditions.”
“Sometimes in life, you need opposers. Like the air pressure that fills up a flat tyre and enables it to perform at its best, such people can help accelerate your growth process if you do not allow them to hinder your success.”
“There comes a time in life when beauty has little or no value. That is why you should focus on what is more meaningful—invest in your brains. Do not allow beauty to deceive you; it fades, just like a magnificent building going up in flames.”
“When nighttime comes, it becomes dark—such is life. There won’t be sunshine all the time, learn to live with that.”
“When other people’s lives are flourishing but yours is not, do not give up. Not all flowers bloom at the same time. Like a flower that blooms in summer, you will flourish if you persevere during the dry seasons of life.”
“In this life, we are here for a short while. How we will be remembered after that depends on how we treat others while alive.”
“Life happened as it has, so we could be what we had to be.”
“Life happens so we can become what we need to become.”
“Life is given to each one of us. In most cases, we choose how we want to navigate our individual paths.”
“Life is not about the absence of trials. They will somehow show up even if we did not commit any crime. The presence of trials helps us stand the test of time.”
“Life often finds a way of teaching us something, whether we are willing to learn or unwilling.”
“Life will not always be easy, but we can make it easy when we collectively choose to break the existing limits in our society.”
“Sometimes the tears we shed prepare us for the best life we could ever have.”
“Sometimes we are so caught up in the issues of life that we forget the point of departure. We are nothing but voyagers with limited time. We should live each day with a great sense of duty, knowing that one day we will account for this adventure.”
“The hardships of life can never be avoided completely. We must be ready to deal with whatsoever happens on this journey.”
“There will be fewer problems in life if we cease to entrust problematic people with the development of solutions.”
“We ought to preserve life with our all. It is a gift that can never be sold at any store.”
“Be optimistic! You can be the dream.”
“Anyone can become great in life as long as they stop focusing on what they do not have and build on what they do have until their greatness is manifest.”
“Every chapter of life does not have to be funny; it does not have to be painful either.”
“Life will sometimes force you to sail through uncharted waters. Always use to your advantage, such life-changing encounters.”
“Life will sometimes require that you partner with others in order to access a larger piece of the pie. As you do that, always avoid those who do not realize that you also deserve good things in life.”
“Life will take you to places you have never been, let you meet people who pull your heartstrings and help you not to lose your rhythm.”
“Life becomes better when you keep these realities in mind. 1. Your days are numbered, 2. You are not better than anyone, and 3. You can’t just live anyhow.”
“Life without a clear vision can be frustrating. Do not jump on the bandwagon of those who do not know where they are going. Seek clarity on what you need to do in order to keep growing.”
“Life, unfortunately, does not offer VIP seats to people with a victim mentality. So, you either claim your victory or you continue to be the victim of circumstances.”
“When going through hard times, hold on tight until you overcome. With perseverance and God on your side, things will get better. Never give up on yourself, no matter how hard life becomes. One day, you will be fine.”
“Pray for discernment. It is quite significant because if you cannot discern, you will invite to your table the people meant to cause you torment.”
“Life is a loan which you will one day have to repay before God. Ensure that the day you repay it, you are met with rapturous applause.”
“Life is a series of many mysteries. Go out there and make great discoveries. The sweet caress of Mother Nature will help you experience God’s splendour.”
“As you live your life in this world, some burdens may be too much to bear. Sometimes those you expect to have your back will stab you in the back, but when you trust the God who is just and fair, you will find the courage to rise beyond the moments of despair.”
“Cherish the gift of life that you have been given. Trust that your Creator can do great things through you. Love yourself and be content with the life you have and you will become a magnet that attracts blessings from all corners of the earth.”
“The journey of life is not always smooth. Pray for the courage to continue, even when things get hard.”
“Pray for wisdom and discernment so you can know which places to go or avoid, which people to welcome or shun, because being wise can make a big difference in your life.”
“The One who gave you the gift of life knows that you are good enough. Do not ever doubt what you carry on the inside. Live the rest of your life maximizing your potential.”
“If you are objective enough to evaluate your journey through life, you will come to the right conclusions about who you are.”
“Life is a great journey. So, refuse to be idle and never let others drag you where you should not be going.”
“On this journey of life, never rely on assumptions; they can lead you to wrong conclusions.”
“Sometimes the journey of life can be hard to comprehend. It is like surfing; the best way to enjoy the waves is to study them, know them and experience them.”
“Sometimes the journey of life will be too hard, but that does not mean you will never overcome.”
“Sometimes, the journey of life can be difficult, but remember, this is your race to run; no one can do it on your behalf.”
“The journey of life is akin to being at a traffic light, where you have to deal with three signals. There will be times when you encounter the red light—just stop for a while; sometimes you will encounter the yellow light—wait for some time; and of course, when it is your turn for the green light—move to the other side. If you want your travel to be safer, never get these the other way around.”
“The journey of life is not easy, but the difficulties along the way make it interesting to navigate.”
“The journey of life is travelled by many, but only a few run in their lane because more people focus on what others are doing and where others are going instead of paying more attention to their own destinies.”
“Every living being is presented with the gift of life. It is up to each one to decide what to do with it while there is still time. Blessed are those who make theirs count.”
“Life is a precious gift, but not everyone can experience a fulfilling life. If you are fortunate enough to have one, be thankful for that.”
“Regardless of how you perceive it, life is the greatest gift every human being has ever received. Be cheerful about it, and cherish it.”
“No matter where you are, appreciate the gift of life. Find reasons to smile because there comes a time when it becomes impossible to see the sunrise.”
“The gift of life must not only be received, it must also be highly prized because it is precious.”
“Life is a gift which you will get a chance to unwrap each morning as you wake up. Therefore, be a good recipient of this gift. Use it to make an impact.”
“Life is not black and white. There are many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision, and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground, it is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years or decades to be alive. Yet, for them it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Life is quite short, do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure; the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life is so good, when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Life is surely not a movie, do not live it as though you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding, and keep winning.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love!”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil, learn to ignore the unsettling noise and use the time you have to do more.”
“Life may not always be pleasant but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want; until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times, and carving new paths.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your A-game.”
“Life may not seem fair; but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“Life will always have its highs and lows. Do not just go with the flow. Learn to bloom, even when you are feeling low.”
“Life will always present one problem or another. If you cannot solve them, do not be shy about seeking help from others.”
“Life will always take you through various seasons. Learn to thrive in each season and come out ready to deal with any situation.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing those situations do not last forever. So, no matter how hard life gets, you can always bounce back.”
“Life will always throw in big demands, but you can meet them if you do not give up.”
“Life will constantly grant you an opportunity to learn. Use it well.”
“Life will always have oceans and forests, mountains and valleys, battles and victories. Let each experience shape you to be a better human.”
“Life will not always be easy, but the ups and downs make it amazing.”
“Life is not always easy, but when you believe, you will find ways to win.”
“Life will not present a clear path all the time. Ahead, it may get dark, yet you have to keep moving forward. Do not lose hope when you go through hard times, because eventually, you will find the light.”
“Life will offer you a chance to present your gifts to the world. It is up to you to grab that chance or live with regret.”
“Life will present you with great things after you have endured some gruesome tests.”
“Success is sweet but to achieve success, it takes strong work ethics, continuous improvement, discipline and determination.”
“Passion and talent with right knowledge and consistent practice leads to self fulfilment.”
“Figuring out your motivators, values that move and guide you and what inspires you leads you to what you want to be.”
“Categorizing yourself by either your victimization or your privilege fails to give any clarity to life’s fundamental question: What are you going to do with it?”
“Wallowing in victimhood only demeans and paralyzes you. Don’t do it. Redeem it instead. Transcend it instead.”
“A woman in labor never asks, “Why me?” because she knows both the cause of her suffering and its effect, and that sense of reason and purpose gives her the capacity to endure it.”
“What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.”
“Imagine living your life so indelibly that others remember your smile long after they’ve forgotten your name!”
“We can allow life’s tragedies to make us bitter and resentful, or we can see them as tests of our character and humility, allowing them to make us ever thankful, not only for a life but for this very life—for my life and your life.”
“Each of us has only one life, unique from every other, and we all have reason to ask, “Why me?”, not in bitterness or despair but in awe and gratitude.”
“A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.”
“Wisdom is found in nature only by mining a lot of rock.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“Worthy goals are always hard.”
“If my family is the price of my success, then I am grateful to have had so little of it.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.”
“You’ve been sacrificing your life for your entire life, and you will continue to do so until you have no more life left to sacrifice. Your only choice is what you sacrifice it to.”
“Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.”
“Who are you? You are your aim. You are a seeker of whatever you seek.”
“Your aim is not just what you train your eye on; it is how you train your eye.”
“Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you ensure that your essential goals, those that stir from your very essence, remain uncorrupted by a million other, lesser goals that constantly vie for your attention.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes, and mind to what lies behind; so you can focus on the now.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it, and be willing to grow.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage, and completing it in the right lane.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers, or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives, focus on the positives.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times. and carving new paths.”
“We will all be average in some things, above average in others, and below average in still others. But to aspire to be average is another thing entirely.”
“My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.”
“What drives a teacher is never what lies behind. At the heart of teaching is hope, and hope looks forward.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“The first thing we are given, life itself, is the privilege of all privileges. Whatever else life brings us, having it at all should fill us with humility and gratitude.”
“The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.”
“It’s not fair!” is the mantra not of the poor and oppressed but of the rich and spoiled. The poor and oppressed of the world don’t pout, “It’s not fair!”—they know the world too well to dare.”
“When life is perpetually unfair in your favor, it is tempting to believe that you deserve it.”
“When everyone we know is a king or a queen, it is easy not to notice each other’s crowns, except when it benefits our self-pity or vanity to compare them.”
“You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.”
“Our freedom is not a right we have won but a privilege conferred on us by those who sacrificed much that we might have it.”
“There are people around the world who would risk their lives, who are currently risking their lives, for a tiny fraction of the opportunity you have obtained simply by virtue of having been born here and not there. You have been given a precious gift. Do not squander it.”
“Once we’ve been victimized, none of us can choose not to have been victimized; we can only choose how to respond.”
“Never indulge your victimization by labeling yourself a victim, regardless of how much you deserve the title.”
“When you label yourself a victim, you compel those around you to pay homage to your victimhood. Don’t do that.”
“The only one who can give final assent to your victimhood is you.”
“To merely survive victimization is to let it consume you still, only bite by bite rather than all at once, to let it loiter in your life and chew at you forever. The only way to truly overcome victimization is to transcend it.”
“Perhaps you are no rock climber, but faced with a big enough rock, you will have to become one.”
“Be grateful for pain. Don’t ignore it or deny it. Don’t anesthetize yourself from it. Swallow it and make it a part of you.”
“Only once you can truthfully say you are grateful for your victimization have you transcended it.”
“There are many injustices that will simply never be made right, and to expect otherwise is to set yourself up to be consumed by frustration.”
“Justice is a fickle mistress, alluring but elusive, ever delivering less than she promises.”
“Spend your life chasing justice and only one thing is certain: You will have spent your life.”
“To expect a hospitable world is hubris. Instead, expect the opposite. Expect a world that may destroy you at its whim at any moment.”
“Neither lion nor gazelle question whether it is just for the lion to catch and eat the gazelle or just for the gazelle to get away and let the lion starve.”
“Justice is the delusion of the self-entitled. To desire it is to desire a world that is not this world.”
“Whatever your world is, you are alive, and an incomprehensible number of things had to happen just the way they did for that to be the case.”
“You may be appalled by your world, but you must be gratefully appalled.”
“Your life has come at the expense of a nearly infinite number of other potential lives that will now never get to be lived because you get to live.”
“You have but one life. You could spend it taking stock of what others have and resenting it, or you could spend it taking stock of what you have and doing something with it.”
“Our very definition and understanding of the Comfort Zone is false—or at the very least, incomplete. True, lasting success is not attained outside our Comfort Zone, but rather inside it.”
“It's not the circumstances. It's how you circumvent.”
“People develop at different paces at different life stages. Many of us are late bloomers. Bill Gates? Steve Jobs? Ray Kroc? Sim Wong Hoo? These are famous personalities who have made it big in life despite not having a university degree. They made many mistakes but they did not give up. They worked hard. They persevered. Each and every one of us are born with unique strengths and talents. When someone is not good in academic studies, it does not mean that he is also not good in other areas. And so, in my opinion, academic grades are just one way of measuring a person's ability or knowledgeability.”
“Where schools or education systems can find individuals who are already intrinsically motivated to do the work required, or who already have a strong sense of purpose and belief in the importance of education (and who have therefore internalised the same goals as the school), good things come of it: positive work-related attitudes, effective performance, job satisfaction and psychological well-being. In order for this to happen, teachers need to feel that they are autonomous, and they are performing certain actions, like professional development, because they want to, not because they are being forced to. This is what makes Singapore's teaching career structure so clever.”
“The right one does not stand in your way, they make space for you to step forward.”
“Burn so bright, that the haters go blind.”
“Being a leader is not easy. It's a delicate balance between humility and self-confidence. It takes immense courage to lead others but also requires an honest awareness of our own limitations.”
“It's easy to sit on the sidelines and analyze different strategies, but true growth comes from taking action.”
“Courage is the key that unlocks the door to new possibilities.”
“Indecision breeds doubt, but decisive action fuels confidence.”
“Focus on what really matters and watch as the fog clears. Opportunities will appear where you least expect them.”
“Embrace the unknown, take bold steps forward, and discover the limitless potential that lies within you.”
“Will power can do anything which can't be done by any power.”
“You have to changed, before you will replace.”
“The reason you’ve been dragging your feet for so many years is most likely because your motivation to change is far less than the powerful force of inertia which is probably due to the comfort zone.”
“You must want to change. That’s the starting point. You must want to be a leader and make a lasting positive impact on lives. You must want to grow the division or company. You must be able to see an incredible power that will be unleashed if you become a better people manager. That’s the start. Without this foresight and motivation, you can attend as many leadership development programs and read as many self-help books as you want but they won’t move the needle.”
“Don't care about ,who laugh on you.. Care about those who caring about you..”
“Don't copy.. Make your copyright..”
“Don't feel sad if you don't get which you expected.. Because either it's not yours or its not over..”
“The general theme of those who live and create from within their Comfort Zone is: Life is intelligently designed, and everything is always working out for my highest good. All I need to do to be successful is to be myself and follow my own internal guidance. If I can dream it and claim it, I can receive it.”
“Boost your productivity by focusing on the tasks that truly matter, working with intentionality and purpose, and continuously seeking new ways to optimize your workflow.”
“Streamlining decision-making is not about sacrificing quality for speed, but rather finding a balance between thoughtful analysis and timely action to drive progress and success.”
“Aligning your goals with your lifestyle is the foundation for living a life that feels both intentional and fulfilling.”
“Never quit on yourself.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do, Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb. Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer, Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“When living an unbullshitafied life, you tend to attract the strong and offend the weak. Just do your thing.”
“Time spent under a burden is often time well spent.”
“Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.”
“It is only when you can admit you may be wrong and are willing to grapple with uncomfortable ideas that you stand to grow.”
“When answering life's big questions, it doesn’t even matter what you say your answers are; what matters is what you do.”
“You're not everything you could be, and you know it.”
“Every journey begins with a single step – stop waiting and start taking action TODAY.”
“Success comes when you pair dreaming with doing – don't get lost in thought without putting in the work to make your dreams a reality.”
“The power is yours if you seize it – make sure each move you take moves you closer to your goals.”
“No matter how complicated life may seem, clarity will help you find the path forward — it starts with trusting yourself!”
“Dreams require discipline, dedication, and effort to become reality – embrace the challenge of execution and unlock potential like never before!”
“Set intentions and act on them – be deliberate and persistent in order to accomplish your goals!”
“”
“Change might be opportunity, instead of disaster.”
“Your inner wisdom is your friend, and it lives inside the calm security of your Comfort Zone.”
“Analyze like a scientist, plot like a politician, execute like a soldier.”
“Sight up - Might up - Light up!”
“Setting boundaries is not about building walls but creating space for growth.”
“When you're ready to start taking ownership of your future, amazing things can happen.”
“Focus on yourself first before trying to please others - success starts from within!”
“Don't underestimate the power of positive vibes & positive affirmations! They help sustain success & motivation.”
“Find ways to reduce stress as much as possible so that you can stay in the flow.”
“Success isn't about sacrificing your values, but aligning your actions with what you believe in. When you stay true to yourself, success comes naturally.”
“Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself and working hard.”
“Don't just live the day, own it! Take charge of your time and make every moment count.”
“Success is not dependent on luck - it starts with personal leadership and the power of intention.”
“Being busy is easy, but being productive takes intention.”
“Don't confuse busyness with productivity. One leaves you exhausted, the other fulfilled.”
“Achieving goals doesn't have to be hard - be gentle with yourself, focus on progress, not perfection, and keep the faith.”
“The secret to success? Replace stress with ease, take consistent action toward your goal, and enjoy the ride!”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority; it's about earning respect.”
“Busy bees make honey, but productive bees make a hive. Don't just buzz around; create something that lasts.”
“If you save a man struggling, or thrashing, both of you will go down. But if the man is no longer moving, you can drag him up easily.”
“Your discipline will take you places your motivation won't and your obsession will take you places your discipline can't.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“Joining a coterie requires no effort, but it takes every sinew to be of your standing”
“Go with me into the book. It's safe here.”
“If someone insults you, just chalk it up to them being at a lost for words.”
“Every day is a blank canvas just waiting for you to paint into it beautiful experiences and positive energy.”
“When inequality takes root, a garden of problems flourishes.”
“Embrace feedback, learn from experiences, and evolve. Our journey to success is a continuous one!”
“Small wins lead to big victories! Let's celebrate each milestone on our journey to success.”
“When a presumptively heterosexual man makes gratuitous transfers of money to a woman who is not his wife or daughter, it raises, fairly or not, questions about the man's motivations.”
“Leading with vulnerability is tough, but it’s essential to establishing a strong team dynamic.”
“Remember, what others say or do is a reflection of their own internal experience, not yours. Their opinion doesn't have to be your truth.”
“Remember, it's not always about big changes but instead small steps done with confidence and consistency that will get you to where you want to go.”
“Focus sharpens the mind, paving the way to success.”
“Don't worry about drastic changes because it's the small habits you do consistently that will have a lasting impact on your life!”
“Don't forget who you are and what you stand for - you are the boss of your life, and no one can cross your boundaries unless you let them.”
“It's easy to get fooled by the noise - don't let it distract you from your truth and what's right for YOU.”
“Listen to your gut, trust your instincts, and be brave - the universe has something special in store for you!”
“Your words carry strength, your ideas have value, and your presence has an impact. Don’t be afraid to speak up and share who you are with the world.”
“Life is too short to be defined by others' opinions of you. It's time to put your happiness first and show the world that YOU are enough.”
“Having a clear vision leads to greater self-awareness — use it as a guide to empower yourself and pave the way for success!”
“Don't let the thing you fear most control your life! Remember, your fear of it is only an illusion - if you choose to confront it, you can break free from its power.”
“Own your flaws, and don't let anyone else make you feel inferior. Recognize your awesomeness and set a powerful example for those around you!”
“High achievers need to realize that no matter how much you prepare, setbacks are inevitable - but it's only by learning from these failures that we can achieve true success.”
“You're capable of pushing boundaries, taking risks, and looking beyond external validation. Dare to step into uncharted waters and be brave enough to realize the extraordinary potential within you!”
“Time keeps ticking, but chances of success don’t have to pass you by. Take a leap of courage and put your best foot forward - because it is undeniably harder to fail than to never have tried.”
“Clarity is not just a state of mind, it's a force of nature that drives you towards your goals with unwavering focus and purpose. Embrace it, harness it, and let it propel you to your next level.”
“Inspiration is direction - find clarity, take action, and move forward fearlessly.”
“Success requires a perfect blend of mindset and strategy.”
“Leadership is not the absence of doubt but the courage to take risks and embrace ambiguity.”
“Embrace failure and use it as a chance to become even more courageous and powerful!”
“Growth comes from pushing yourself and taking risks - stand firm in your resolve, and accept the journey with grace.”
“Mothers are the heartbeat of our lives, the ones who guide us through the ups and downs, and the light that shines even in the darkest moments.”
“In the flutter of a butterfly’s wings, we find a gentle reminder to appreciate the small moments in life and to find joy in life’s simple pleasures.”
“Sylvie aced the classes she was interested in but got C's or D's in everything else. Julia had operated her determination like a lawn mower and mowed through high school with the next step in her sights.”
“Facing risks and pushing boundaries is the key to unlocking potential - don't be afraid to take a calculated leap.”
“What lies beyond fear is freedom - have the courage to step forward and unlock your potential.”
“Lead with courage, own your decisions, and embrace accountability - the true hallmark of a fearless leader.”
“Your goals are within reach – take control of your destiny and manifest greatness through action-driven progress.”
“Execution is the bridge between intention and result – it moves you from merely having ideas to making them a reality.”
“Make progress every day, no matter how small it may be – execution builds momentum that can help you reach new heights!”
“Focus on small wins to reach big achievements – use momentum generated by execution as the fuel for success!”
“تفعلين بي، ما تفعله الأنهار في المدن…”
“ولا تفكر كثيراً، دع غداً لغدٍ لا يسأل الغيم عطشاناً لينهمرا… كن عاشقاً، واترك الأبواب مُشرَعةً لن تحبس اللحن مهما تحبس الوترا لا ورد يملك عطراً، وهو يسكنُهُ والليل مهما سوى لن يملك القمرا”
“لك الحمد، لولا الجرح في سقف بيتنا لما دخلت ليلي سماءٌ وأنجمُ  وبوركت، كم أعطيت حين حرمتني كفى أنّ لي ليلاً، وأني أحلمُ ”
“خمرٌ على شفتيكِ جمرٌ في دمي أرجوك باسم الله لا تتكلمي إن تكسري صمت الكروم بكلمة أسكرت رأس الأرض من كرم الفمِ”
“وطني أتنكسر البيوتُ حزينةً وقلوبُ كل العاشقين بيوتُ شعبُ إذا ما الفقر حلَّ بدارِهِ كتمَ الجراحَ وقلبُه مكبوتُ لو تحشد الدنيا على إخضاعه ينمو بحجم عذابه الجبروتُ هبني أكن مرسى تنام على يدي لو تستطيع مراكبٌ ويخوتُ هبني أكن ألم الجراح، دم الإبا ما همّني إن ذبت بي وشقيتُ ما دام مجد الأرز يسكن جبهتي وتنام بين حقائبي بيروتُ”
“You can achieve greatness if you have big dreams and believe in yourself.”
“I never have doubted the right path, because delirium is the one word that can accompany you, and you are afraid of it. Suddenly, delirium will get stuck like a bullet in the head and will not pass. So, let's believe in better, even though in bad is easier to believe.”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for something or someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“Every ending is a new beginning, and every path leads to a different destination.”
“When I walk into the wild, I leave behind the world’s noise and chaos and enter a realm of simplicity and marvel.”
“I write so the word, "Victim" will not be your mantra.”
“Make a wish on a shooting star; the universe will align to hear your heart’s desires.”
“The gentle glow of fireflies, which carries the magic of childhood dreams, sparks our sense of wonder and nostalgia.”
“The seeds of transformation are found in the darkest moments, for it is in adversity that we find our true strength.”
“Doing the right thing is not a matter of convenience; it reflects your values and integrity.”
“I've set myself to become the king of the pirates  And if I die trying  then at least I tried!”
“The material world is a sad place to be. People keep trying to attain that perfect state of happiness throughout their lives, acting upon thoughts that show them where the temporary dopamine fix is, but most of them are really sad inside. Surprisingly, most people choose to overcome sadness, they feel if they look at the greener side the sadness will vanish. But the sadness is always there. Otherwise there would be no motivation to be happy.”
“Make what's missing. If you are watching a movie and griping, 'why didn't they do this?'. Well, it sounds like you have some writing to do.”
“On top of the world, we realise our dreams are not confined to the ground below but can soar to great heights when we dare to chase them.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. Do something if you want something. Otherwise It will be your whole life.”
“We don't meet people face to face, But waste our time on social media's embrace.”
“The withering wind whispers secrets of change, reminding us that nothing stays the same forever.”
“Life is a journey, and the lessons we learn along the way help us become who we are.”
“Work for a cause, not for applause. Live your life to express yourself, not to impress others.”
“Whoever is motivated can go great things.”
“Whoever is motivated can do great things.”
“يا أمّنا والتيه لفّ قلوبنا هلّي بحبك رأفةً وأمانا الناس تسكن في الصخور، وعندنا  صخر الضغينة يسكن الانسانا عدنا إلى خشب الصلب ولم نجد إلا دعاكِ، وجهلنا ودمانا كنّا يتامى الأم قبلك فاشهدي عدنا يتامى تائهين حزانى لم يكتمل فينا عزاء ضلالنا  حتى قتلنا في القلوب أبانا”
“Never settle for a haven; instead, venture into the unknown. The journey will be worthwhile.”
“Leadership is about unlocking the potential of those around you, so they can shine and achieve greatness in their own unique way.”
“Success doesn't come to those who simply dream and hope for it. It comes to those who take bold and intentional action toward their goals. It's not enough to aspire for greatness, you must work towards it every single day.”
“As long as you remain consistent in taking small steps forward each day, it won't be long before you're powering through projects with greater success than ever before!”
“Success isn't a distant dream; it's waiting for you at the finish line of every action you take.”
“Sustainable success isn't a one-time achievement, it's a lifelong journey of intentional action and growth towards a fulfilling life.”
“Life is like a roller coaster, filled with its ups and downs, but at the end of the day it's up to you to find the courage and determination to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Life doesn't always have to be about trying something new, pushing ourselves to the limit or achieving our next goal. Sometimes it's important to stop and celebrate the successes you have gained along the way.”
“Don't let anyone drag you down with their words! You have the power and confidence within yourself to rise above any negativity, and you deserve to be seen for who and what you truly are.”
“Accepting yourself and believing in yourself is one of the most important habits when it comes to success! Embrace your uniqueness, and never forget how capable, strong, and powerful you are.”
“Let's face it - the only way to truly make a lasting impact is by embracing change and standing out from the crowd.”
“Change the way you view things and you'll be presented with new opportunities to create the life you've always dreamed!”
“Don't be fooled by the noise, don't let the crowd define who you are. Strength comes from within – knowing you can navigate through life's uncertainties and standing strong even when it feels like everything is against you.”
“The only way to crush fear is by confronting it and taking action - so don't hesitate - grab life with both hands and make it happen!”
“Don't let the hustle and grind of life cloud your judgment - take the time to understand what works best for YOU and craft a plan that aligns with your goals.”
“Setting boundaries does more than just make you feel empowered, it sends out a message to the universe that you know your worth and won't settle for anything less than respect.”
“Don't be afraid of taking risks or stepping out of your zone of comfort, because that is often when amazing things happen.”
“Instead of seeing failure as shameful, view it as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and determination.”
“When you reframe rejection in a positive way, you take away the fear associated with it and remind yourself how strong you are.”
“Confront your fears head-on and watch as they become stepping stones toward your goals.”
“Fail often to succeed sooner - accept the possibility of failure, and use it as fuel to reach your goal.”
“You have the power to make your own journey - be kind to yourself, and embrace the risks you take.”
“Grow up. Don't give up.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“Small habits, big results. Prioritizing daily routines that align with your goals is like laying a foundation for success. It creates a ripple effect that boosts your productivity, sharpens your decision-making, and makes the impossible feel possible.”
“Your well-being is not a luxury; it's a necessity for success. Investing in yourself is the best investment you can make.”
“Your life is your kingdom, and you're the ruler. Don't let anyone else take the throne.”
“Your life, your rules. Don't let anyone else write your story. Be the boss of your own life and set your boundaries high.”
“Unleash your inner fire, ignite your passion, and blaze a trail that leaves a mark on the world. You hold the power to create your legacy, so rise up, own your strength, and burn bright.”
“Don't let the day run you. Run the day like a well-oiled machine and make every second count.”
“Embrace your quirks, own your flaws, and flaunt your fabulousness. Being true to yourself is not just a trend; it's a lifestyle.”
“Greatness is not a gift, it's a choice. It's not a talent, it's a habit. And habits can be built through consistency, dedication, and unwavering commitment.”
“Stop waiting for permission to be great. Own your power, and unleash your full potential. You are the BOSS of your life, and it's time to start making executive decisions.”
“Stop settling and dare to be exceptional. Own your individuality and level up your standards because your unique identity deserves nothing less than greatness.”
“Folk fight the fury of gods to stave out their place in history, capitulating for the slightest mark in the epics of man, even a write-in under some obscure footnote.”
“Puddle-wonderful moments are like rainbows after a storm. They remind us that there is beauty in every situation.”
“A spoken word is like an arrow shot from a bow. Once it’s released, it can’t be un-released. If the arrow was shot after a careful aiming and in a deliberate manner, it will hit its target and accomplish the purpose of its release. But if it’s released aimlessly or not in deliberation for a purpose, then it might bring unwanted results and cause unintended damage.”
“In life, whatever you give to your society should be more than what you receive from it.”
“The sunsets we experience with people we care about are the most beautiful.”
“The mud-lusciousness of spring is a reminder to embrace life’s messiness and to find beauty in unexpected places.”
“The opportunity window is always open, but it is up to us to decide whether to seize it or let it pass.”
“Self discipline is one of the most important and useful skills you can have. Discipline is the number one trait needed to create a happy mood, and healthy and meaningful life.”
“People with a strong sense of purpose, persistence and accomplishment perform better at work.”
“There are lots of ways to celebrate achievements. Showing them that you have recognized their efforts will help them feel a sense of accomplishment and pride in what they are doing.”
“Being surrounded by trees serves as a constant reminder that, while growth is a slow process, the outcomes can be breathtaking.”
“To engage in later thinking, one must let go of preconceived notions and consider novel concepts.”
“Never lose faith and God will reward you”
“Outliers are not necessarily uncommon; they are simply not always visible.”
“Sometimes the hardest paths lead us to the most beautiful places.”
“Unrealistic expectations are perilous because they are never met.”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“Nature’s fairness is awe-inspiring, but her beauty is enthralling.”
“Take your time investing so much emotion into other people's behavior. Many philosophies instruct us never to become invested in the behavior of others.”
“Begin making decisions that align more with your future self.”
“If you stare in the face of evil too long, it will become your reflection. Turn toward the light of love.”
“Pride is a deceptive emotion that causes people to overestimate their abilities.”
“True humility is recognizing that every being has something to teach us.”
“If you give up now, it won’t hurt anyone. By the same token… if you keep at it, it won’t hurt anyone either.”
“We may not be born equal, but we can all make a positive difference in the world.”
“The ‘ocean of grace’ is vast and infinite, with unfathomable depths and never-ending tides.”
“Fear is just an emotion. It is not true. The only thing that is true is the action you take, regardless.”
“If you want to be truly successful, you must make mistakes and learn from them.”
“Bodybuilding is also a great form of stress relief. Lifting weights and drifting off into your own world of intensity and letting out aggression or frustration on iron is much better than letting out frustration toward people, animals, or objects around the house. Let the gym be a sanctuary for you to be at peace. Let it calm you and ground you and allow you to appreciate everything around you. Let it also be a place for you to unload and explode with intensity through your training.”
“People with a negative outlook on life are miserable. Instead of being unhappy, decide to see the wonder and beauty in the world.”
“Guilt is a wonderful motivator.”
“Fairy tales serve as a timeless reminder that there is magic in the world and that, with enough faith, anything is possible.”
“By being true to yourself and defending what you believe in, you can change the world.”
“Fall a thousand times; get up a thousand and one.”
“Someday you are the guitarist; someday you are the guitar.”
“Your only limitation is your willingness, which prevents you from exceeding your limit.”
“If you motivate an idiot, you will end up with a motivated idiot”
“Motivation gets us started, determination gets us going and discipline gets us to the finish line”
“Sometimes we do not need motivation to get started but the realization of a great motive behind what we are set to do”
“She whispered her secrets to the wind, hoping they would be carried away by the wind and never heard by anyone else.”
“Dreams are like stars; they may appear distant, but they shine brightest when the night is darkest.”
“The depth of wisdom can only complement the depth of our wounds we gain from healing them.”
“Even when the buds cannot bloom, the tree stands firm, patiently awaiting its turn.”
“Fresh air is nature’s way of reminding us that every breath is a gift.”
“Even on the darkest of nights, a single candle can light up a room and bring hope.”
“I confess, I have setbacks like anyone. But they don’t cause distress or coalesce in a mess for I’ve learned to step back, to reflect and assess where I’m at and enact a simple plan of attack — to press forward, progress; not digress, not give up nor express my despair but address what I can, my mistakes and my faults, with a head-on assault. For I’m blessed with my faith and belief and a chest that encases a heart that does not know the meaning of “quit" or “give up" or “there there” or “oh well”, “never-mind” or “bad luck” or “just try something else”, no. Me and myself, my reflection and I, we are not of that ilk, we aren’t ones to comply. We aren’t ones to conform or accept that the norm is a one-size-fits-all way to simply exist for we strive to be different, incredible, unique. Not irrelevant, invisible, insignificant or meek. We strive to resist and we fight to excel, so setbacks to us are a thing to be quashed, to be quelled, to be squished, to be left in our wake as we go on our way, as we sail right on by to impossible ends, to what few dare to try. This is why – this is why – as my reflection attests, there is no time to rest. The struggle is unending … but I will give it my best.”
“Excellence is not about being perfect. It's about giving your best, learning from your mistakes, and helping others do the same.”
“Simplify to amplify. Streamlining your systems is like decluttering your mind; it frees up mental real estate, enhances focus, and unleashes your full potential. So, ditch the complexity, embrace simplicity, and watch your performance skyrocket.”
“Though our loved ones may push us towards success, it is often our enemies who drive us to secure the final nail in the coffin of our accomplishments.”
“Your mind is like a magnet, drawing thoughts and experiences that are consistent with your beliefs and emotions.”
“The warmth that comes from a kind and compassionate heart is true beauty”
“It takes courage to let go of the past, but the ability to forget it is where true freedom is found.”
“Don't let fear or doubt stop you from trusting the process! Commit to your goals and trust that everything will turn out just fine.”
“Life is a journey, and it’s full of twists and turns - some amazing, some challenging. But no matter how tough the roads or uncomfortable the accommodations, there’s still something to learn from it all.”
“Today is full of potential; all it takes to make the most of it is a little effort. Don't worry about tomorrow until today's work is done!”
“Life is too short to be miserable! Choose happiness - it might seem hard at first but I promise it's worth it. Let go of the negativity and open up to a world of possibilities.”
“May you always be filled with joy, no matter what your circumstances are?”
“If you try nothing new, you’ll never know what you’re truly capable of.”
“Miracles happen every day, but only those who believe in them can see their power.”
“Value the person for who they are, not what they can do for you. True worth is found in their character rather than their accomplishments.”
“If you train your eyes to see the good in others, you will inspire them to see the good in themselves.”
“All your stress is not from others - it's just from your Thoughts.”
“Fear, any fear, is a waste of time. As the regrets.”
“Words are like seeds; what you plant in your mind grows and shapes your reality.”
“Although the moon appears alone in the sky, it shines brightly enough to light up the darkest of nights and guide us on our way.”
“Success is not a destination, but a journey. It's not measured by the amount of wealth or recognition you accumulate, but by the obstacles you overcome and the lessons you learn. To be successful, embrace failure as an opportunity to grow, stay focused on your goals, and never give up on your dreams.”
“Success is the result of consistent action, fueled by passion and guided by purpose. It's not about being the best, but about being better than you were yesterday. So strive for progress, not perfection, and trust the process, for the journey is just as important as the destination.”
“Believe in yourself, work hard, stay focused, and never give up. Success will come.”
“Keep on working until it works.”
“The moment you learn not to quit, you’ve already achieved something.”
“Peace begins with a conscious decision to remain calm under all circumstances”
“There was a time, when I came to Delhi from my hometown and I have survived on Parle G biscuits for the whole day.”
“Just as the wind can be both gentle and fierce, life can be both beautiful and challenging.”
“Technology is a simple tool that can be used for good or evil”
“A reservoir of strength exists deep within me, waiting to be tapped when life's challenges arise.”
“Learning to listen to and to follow the guidance of your Inner Voice is the key to living a well-balanced, harmonious, fulfilled, abundant, and happy life.”
“We build a beautiful relationship with love, trust, and respect.”
“It takes strength to let go of the past, but the power to forget it brings true liberation.”
“Setting boundaries isn't about keeping people out, it's about protecting the energy you allow in.”
“A new beginning is not just a chance to start over, but also an opportunity to create something better than before.”
“Each corpuscle contains the cosmos, each valve is gateway to valor.”
“Each corpuscle contains the cosmos, Each valve is gateway to valor. Cada corpúsculo contiene el cosmos, Cada válvula es la puerta al valor.”
“মানুষের মনের ভিতর যদি ভালো কিছু করার জিদ একবার চেপে বসে আর সে যদি লক্ষ্যকে ঠিক রেখে পরিশ্রম করে যায়, তাহলে- কিছুদিন আগে বা পরে- তার জীবনে সফলতা আসবেই এবং আসতে বাধ্য।”
“একদিন আপনিও সফল হবেব। সেইদিন আপনি না চাইলেও শত শত মানুষ আপনার জীবনের গল্পগুলো শুনতে চাইবে। সেই গল্পগুলো বলতে বলতে আপনি ক্লান্ত হয়ে যাবেব। তারপরও মানুষ আপনার মুখে শুনতে চাইবে। অন্তত নিজের মনের ভিতর আগলে রাখা সেই জমা কথাগুলো বলার জন্য হলেও আপনাকে অন্তত একবার সফল হতে হবে।”
“The wings of time may carry us on diverse journeys, but the common roots we share will always guide us back to the same ground.”
“Don’t be afraid to make mistakes – just learn from them & move forward stronger than before!”
“Life is too short to stay in your comfort zone. Believe in yourself and be courageous. Take risks!”
“Burnout prevention starts with YOU. Invest in your happiness & well-being for a better tomorrow.”
“Indecision can be a slippery slope. Take care with each step and move forward confidently.”
“When faced with tough choices, don’t forget that you have the power to decide for yourself.”
“Fear makes us think we need more information before deciding, but often we just need courage!”
“Success is not a momentary event; it's an ever-evolving journey. #HighPerformanceCoaching”
“Make sustainable changes today to set yourself up for a successful tomorrow. #OwnYourShift”
“Start small, think big: Believe in yourself enough to own your shifts.”
“Swap out burnout for inner balance by embracing daily rituals that support sustainable success with ease.”
“Leaders who listen twice as much as they talk are the most successful.”
“When you give up, you close the door on opportunities you may not have realised existed.”
“The pursuit of the elixir of life may be eternal, but the true elixir lies within us - in the moments we cherish, the connections we make, and the memories we create.”
“Planting a tree is more than just an act of hope; it's a pledge to future generations that we cared enough to make a difference, one tree at a time.”
“We don't need to make longer regret lists. We don't need people that are very very smart and yet do nothing. We need people that do the things they already know how to do. Stop learning and start doing. Motivation, not education.”
“When you have an understanding of how things work, you will know better how to work things out”
“The mountains may appear intimidating and insurmountable, but each step we take towards them teaches us more about our strength and fortitude.”
“Time management is all about making smart choices. So forget the hustle and grind, and take control of your choices - it's the key to success!”
“Time management is about making choices: what do you prioritize and why? Being aware of your finite time and consciously deciding how to spend it will give you control, clarity, and peace of mind.”
“It's true that life is short and time is fleeting, but if you can stop to appreciate how precious it is, you'll find that time is the most precious measure of true wealth!”
“Discipline may be a tricky but at the end of the day, it's believing that you can achieve your goals and dreams that will get you closer to them.”
“The more important a call to action is to our purpose, the more we may be tempted to resist it - and yet it may just be what opens up new doors and opportunities for us.”
“Celebrate the process! Let's face it - reaching our goals can be hard, and if we don't recognize and appreciate each small step along the way, we might not make it through. So instead of becoming overwhelmed by the big goal ahead, let's focus on each moment and celebrate every tiny success that brings us closer to where we want to be.”
“I believe depression is legitimate. But I also believe that if you don’t exercise, eat nutritious food, get sunlight, get enough sleep, consume positive material, surround yourself with support, then you aren’t giving yourself a fighting chance.”
“I’ve come to learn that pain is inevitable in this world, but suffering is optional.”
“Where there is hope, there is a way forward. The light of hope can illuminate even the darkest of times and point us toward a brighter tomorrow.”
“Everything worth doing is difficult.”
“We, as human beings, have a responsibility towards the world and its occupants - both living and non-living, to let them be, as was intended by nature. In my opinion, if we cannot create, we do not have the right to destroy. Life, is precious, be it in any form, and we should respect it.”
“I achieved nothing great without passion and enthusiasm. It is the fuel that ignites the fire within us, propelling us forward in pursuit of our dreams and goals.”
“Believe in your abilities to overcome any challenges that may arise.”
“Marriage is a garden that requires constant nurturing and care, but it can blossom into a beautiful and everlasting love with patience and dedication.”
“Life without faith is like a world without love and will end in motion without meaning.”
“If you don't know where you're going, you're never going to get there.”
“Let go of the past, wash away your pain, anger, and hatred, and emerge refreshed, renewed, and pure like the waterfall.”
“Serenity is inner peace amid chaos and trouble, not their absence.”
“An act of kindness is a ripple that can create a wave of hope, touching the lives of countless others.”
“May God bless you with all the colours of life - may your days be filled with joy, happiness, and friendship, and may your heart be filled with the beautiful shades of love. On this auspicious occasion, I hope you and your family have a wonderful time playing with vibrant colours, singing and dancing to cheerful tunes, and sharing laughter and happiness with your loved ones. May your life be as colourful and bright as the beautiful hues of Holi. Wishing you and your family a happy and blessed Holi. May your day be filled with fun, frolic, and endless memories to cherish.”
“As we celebrate International Women’s Day, I would like to take a moment to honour and appreciate all the incredible women who have touched our lives in so many ways. To all the mothers, sisters, daughters, grandmothers, and friends who have shown us kindness, wisdom, and grace. Your strength, resilience, and perseverance continue to inspire us every day. You have been a constant source of support, and your guidance has helped us navigate through the toughest of times. No amount of gratitude is enough to thank you for everything that you have done for us. May you continue to shine your light and inspire others to do the same. May you be blessed with love, happiness, and success in all that you do. Happy International Women’s Day to all the incredible women out there!”
“Don't just speak for yourself, Be who stands up for somebody else.”
“Its simple. Do the work to get the perk”
“You can't expect change to happen if you REPEAT the same things. You have to REPLACE what you're trying to change.”
“Be a victor, not a victim of your situation.”
“Give me a library and a good book and we will be friends for life.”
“Spend time with people who encourage you to grow, to explore new things, and who take joy in your successes.”
“The state of your mind is in your hands. You can choose to make it a place of hell or heaven, suffering or happiness, loneliness or solitude.”
“we all are puppets under someone's control”
“Dreaming is the fuel in the car of dedication!”
“Coming together gives energy, and being angry takes it away.”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“The devil is more motivated because he sacrificed heaven. He only has one goal in mind.”
“যখন পরাজয় আসে তখন এটাকে একটা সতর্কতা হিসেবে গ্রহণ করুন যে আপনার পরিকল্পনা নিখুঁত ছিল না। পুনরায় নতুন পরিকল্পনা তৈরি করুন এবং আরও একবার আপনার কাঙ্ক্ষিত লক্ষ্যের দিকে পাল ঠিক করুন। - পৃষ্ঠা ১২৯”
“Writing is pain relief, or at least pain management.”
“I have seen, witnessed and have been a part of the most strange, unusually abnormal adventures in this lifetime, where things have happened to me that no one would have imagined. Almost unbelievable. So who would know the difference between my fiction and my reality.”
“It's amazing how quickly people will discourage you, knock you down, and devalue you because.. basically, they can. The question is, how quickly will you draw a boundary and put an end to toxicity in your life? This is something you need to learn how to do if you want to be at peace and cut out all of the drama.”
“Step forward in faith, rather living in pray & hope.”
“Tragedy happens to lots of people. You can decide to let it destroy you, or you can decide to move on.”
“Falling back on an old “bad” habit isn’t so much a defeat as it is a chance to play again.”
“The Habit Trip is a means to an end. It’s a practice of treating ourselves, and others, with basic kindness and respect—radical, that.”
“The Habit Trip is about learning to hear and respond to our bodies and minds, so our lives can feel better and we can help make other people’s lives feel better. It’s subversive shit, I tell you.”
“Destructive habits are not flaws; they’re coping mechanisms that serve a purpose. They’re survival tactics we deploy to shield us from stress, sadness, fear, grief, and frustration.”
“When we set a goal to make a change and then screw it up, we’re usually just trying to meet a neglected need. If we can find alternative ways to fill those needs, we’ve got a shot at leaving some of those old habits behind.”
“Sometimes the fries are the best choice by a mile, but sometimes an apple with almond butter is paradise on a plate. If you can’t tell the difference, you aren’t quite listening—yet.”
“It feels awfully nice to be a little kinder to yourself and everybody else.”
“Time is the most frequent obstacle to change that my clients name. Luckily, it comes in small increments. It can be broken down and taken back in pocket-sized, clever little nuggets: one minute, five minutes, fifteen minutes at a time.”
“We go after what we need to feel safe and secure, stimulated, alive, and at peace. That’s just being human. Sometimes we use methods that aren’t so healthy—and then those methods become habits. But if we tune in to what we’re aching for, we can find ways to fill those gaps in healthier, more productive ways.”
“The linchpin for successful change is in the reward. The reward for a new routine has to be pleasurable, and it has to be quick. If the payoff takes too long to arrive or doesn’t feel good, odds are you won’t stick with it.”
“The concept of a best self is dubious. Best implies a definitive conclusion, but we are not static creatures. We can’t achieve a state of perfection, nor should we strive to. We are spectacularly volatile, adaptable, highly attuned organisms—and what we need and want changes over time.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“shower time, steam rising, going on a caffeine binge – it’s not the juice that juices me, it’s that taste and the rock and roll blaring evil and gorgeous in the morning darkness”
“The best way to get over trauma is to go through even more trauma.”
“Your common sense is more important than your rights.”
“Focus on yourself, and everything will focus on you.”
“And in that glorious burst of energy and speed, Ceridwen whispered the word once more. Onward. Fate. Battle cry. And occasionally, a prayer.”
“Allow yourself to be carried towards new beginnings by letting go of things that no longer serve you, like leaves withering in the wind.”
“YOU are in charge of how you experience life. You get to decide! Choose wisely, but most importantly, choose YOU!”
“Every challenge is an opportunity, so open yourself up and get ready to move!”
“Life is the dance between your wildest dreams and deepest fears - so take a chance! Don't let fear hold you back.”
“Don't let circumstances dictate how your life looks - act like the architect and design the lie that reflects your values and purpose.”
“If you want to make a change in your life and create something meaningful, you need to shift your mindset from "shoulds" to "musts".”
“Leaders are forward-thinking, confident individuals who identify what needs to be done, put in the hard work, and actively seek solutions instead of pointing fingers.”
“Relationships, like dew on leaves, are delicate and fleeting. We must handle them with caution or else they will vanish.”
“Rainbows are a natural reminder that there is always light and beauty to be found, even amid the darkest storm.”
“Any dream can come true if we have the courage to pursue it with zeal and persistence.”
“It is the hard time that unleash your true potential  Don’t give up!”
“Ako ne uspemo danas jedini razlog smo mi sami.”
“Justice is a criminal circuit that rapes innocents with electricity framing them as guilty… Never take part in legal procedures! You do not need laws to be ethical! Only criminals need laws! To condemn innocents & break them invisibly!”
“Life is short, but it is broad enough for those who fully embrace it.”
“Hope is the anchor of the soul; keep it strong, and it will keep you steady.”
“life never gain by your weight, it gain by your struggle”
“Tough times in life are not meant to define you, but to refine and strengthen you.”
“Advice is just that, advice!”
“We all have a story to tell. Stories of how we survived this or that. Some are more dramatic than others but what a great story to tell. This is how I survived that!”
“Today, I will focus on the present and not worry about the future or how my story will end. The story will end when it is supposed to, and it will end with greatness because it will be a life well-lived.”
“Every living thing in the universe can understand nature’s language.”
“Making excuses for yourself only leads to continued stagnation.”
“You don’t go out looking for happiness. It comes from within, from accepting who you are and living in the present.”
“The best philosophy is to live in the present moment while planning for the future and learning from the past.”
“If it makes you nervous, you’re doing it right.”
“Trust, communication, and a willingness to grow together indefinitely, which are the pillars of a genuine relationship, are the foundations of a true relationship.”
“Life is never easy for anyone. It is your perspective about life that can make life look simple, and simple is what she had turned her life to be. The simplicity in her lifestyle reflected her triumph over her personal battles that life had put her through.”
“Life is never easy for anyone. It is your perspective about life that can make life look simple, and simple is what she had turned her life to be. The simplicity in her lifestyle reflected her triumph over her personal battles that life had put her through.”
“Life is best lived one day at a time when enriched with reflection and human connection on a deeper level.”
“The journey of life is not about arriving at a destination, but about discovering the beauty and meaning along the way.”
“Knowledge is another form of God.”
“Knowledge is another form of God. If someone loves both. So he will get the answers to every question.”
“Success doesn't mean victory. If someone is successful, it is proof that he has struggled a lot, and worked very hard.”
“When we tried to open the lock, we saw that is already open. And the problem we are trying to solve. It may be that there is no problem at all.”
“Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.”
“When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.”
“If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.”
“Amidst the world’s deafening noise, the silence within us speaks the loudest.”
“Difference is not division”
“Never look with contempt on even the smallest beginning.”
“Saying no to people who want you to say yes, and upholding your boundaries with people who were used to having none, will at first feel terrible. Like a death. And it is a death of sorts. The death of the part of you that thinks you have to violate yourself to make it in life or be valued. You most likely will surrounded by people who are used to being accommodating or passive. At first, they feel threatened by you asserting your boundaries. This is ok. And in time they will get used to it. Just like in time you'll get used to understanding, that when people act like assholes when you say now, isn't about you. It's about them.”
“You're just a character in my book, but I did not give you any lines.”
“Mindset plus skillset creates the master.”
“Moonlight, the mystic smile of the night, can soothe the soul and calm the mind.”
“The clouds may change shape and move, but the sky remains an infinite canvas of possibility.”
“Poets may be the “unacknowledged legislators” but I don’t know if we’re that important. My fear overwhelms me at times; I gave you my fear, a withered gift. You are the true poet of the family. You gave me the cry of a baby in its mother’s arms, cotton candy at the circus, John Cage exhibits at the museum, lying under the light of the full moon. You gave me Fellini films and old Romances, a glass of Burgandy in a darkened restaurant where lovers cling to hope of passion and contentment. You gave me hope and love, but most of all, you gave me poetry.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“Spirituality is a life-long journey of self-discovery and enlightenment that leads us to a greater understanding of our place in the world.”
“Getting your hands in the soil can be relaxing. Because of the fresh air and new ideas, you’ll feel more energised.”
“Moonlight reminds us that there is still light to guide us, even in the darkest of nights.”
“«With the best will in the world—and I was so, so very motivated to not be dinner—I couldn’t drag my leaden limbs any further. I stumbled once, twice, staggered to a defeated halt, and crashed to my knees».”
“Live each day and each moment to the fullest.”
“It’s better than nothing,” his father replied. “And remember, the most important thing is to stay calm and focus on your opponent. Antichrist may be powerful, but he’s not unbeatable.”
“Our hearts beat in unison, in time with the rhythm of life.”
“In times of profound silence, we find the stillness to hear our inner voice and the strength to heed it.”
“I think that there is some advantages to just lying to yourself.”
“The goal of life is to make everyone and everything around you happy. With your act of kindness and compassion.”
“Let's wear the flowers of courage grown from the seeds of hope in the soil of our insecurities.”
“Look around you for a moment. You’ll be surprised at how much beauty you’ve been missing.”
“The gorgeous sunrise is the one that gives you hope in your heart and gives you another day to pursue your dreams.”
“Sometimes familiar things were bad because they kept you stuck. Sometimes, no matter how much you've been hurt, no matter how scary something feels, it's imortant to take a deep breath, take the leap and do those scary things anyway, because they move you forward in life.”
“I came out of the storm, not the same person, but stronger, braver, and more resilient.”
“Heute', sagte [Mersault], 'habe ich begriffen, dass Handeln und Lieben und Leiden tatsächlich Leben ist, aber Leben nur, soweit man sein Schicksal in sich einlässt und es hinnimmt als den einzigen Widerschein eines Regenbogens aus Freuden und Leidenschaften, der für alle der gleiche ist.”
“Not All Dry Wood's Face Is A Funance”
“The fall of a leaf is not the end of its journey, but the beginning of something greater.”
“Life is like the wind; it can be gentle or fierce, but it always changes and propels us forward.”
“Personal Integrity is a trait that so many people overlook and undervalue, but it's one of the most important qualities to possess.”
“It's so easy to get trapped in the notion that success means having every action regulated and planned, but the truth is far simpler. All you need is enough discipline to develop habits that lead to effortless success!”
“Stop beating yourself up! Breaking old habits isn't going to happen overnight, so don't be discouraged if it takes you longer than you planned. Give yourself some grace and remind yourself that consistency and repetition are key.”
“From an acorn grows a mighty oak - don't be embarrassed, be proud of where you're starting from, because it's all part of the journey!”
“Only a king knew what a crown did to a walk. No matter how diligently explained or even repetitiously tried on by others, the crown weighs not what its gold measures, but its bearer’s battles, near-deaths, and navigations of terrain. Terrain cheered by none. Terrain open to all.”
“Don't let anyone's opinion of you define who you can be. Life is too short to worry about what other people think. It's your life, so own it!”
“Taking time for yourself doesn't have to be hard or expensive - whether it's treating yourself to something small or dedicating an afternoon to relax, taking some time for self-care can make all the difference in your life.”
“If you take on a challenge and really commit to it, you'll find that it's not just about that one thing - it will create new habits, skills and behaviors that can be applied in other parts of your life.”
“The first mistake is an opportunity to LEARN. But if you don’t use that experience to make a better decision next time, then that’s not an innocent mistake — it's NEGLIGENCE.”
“If you don't want to sink, then it's time to cut the negative anchors loose and start swimming!”
“Burnout is real. If you want success without the hustle and grind, plan for breaks and set boundaries for yourself.”
“When you’re in love, there’s no need to understand what’s going on, because everything happens inside of you.”
“Unfortunately, people are erecting massive barriers around themselves rather than erecting beautiful bridges to connect.”
“Life is all about making those brave and necessary shifts, so take a deep breath and trust yourself to make that leap of faith.”
“Sustainable success isn't measured by how hard you work, but rather by how much time you take to relax and recharge.”
“Don't be fooled into thinking that pushing yourself all the time equals progress - taking a break every now and then is just as important, if not more so.”
“Don't let glimmers of mediocrity hold you back from achieving greatness! One small step today could be the start of a BIG journey ahead--so don't let yourself be limited by what's come before. If you want to break free from the shackles of mediocrity, do it with courage and confidence. Together, we can create a brighter future for ourselves!”
“Believe in yourself and be brave enough to take risks, and you'll find that life is full of endless possibilities.”
“Forget the boundaries that have been placed around you or the beliefs you’ve been told are true, and start believing in your own limitless potential!”
“It's time to change our perspectives and unleash our inner strength; it starts by recognizing how capable you really are.”
“Don't be held back by insecurity or fear, because you never know what might be on the other side of that leap of faith.”
“When it comes to life, if you believe in yourself and take bold risks, the possibilities are practically infinite.”
“Dare to dream bigger and unlock the power within, because there are no boundaries that can hold you back.”
“It's time to put aside the limits that have been placed on you and start believing in your own strength and potential!”
“Life is too short to settle for anything less than amazing!”
“Deep silence is the soul's language, where words are unnecessary, and the heart speaks the truth.”
“Twilight is the transition period between the end of the day and the beginning of the night. A time to let go of the past and embrace the unknown.”
“Live like a comet. An unstoppable rock through space. Travel with so great a speed that there is no time or desire for explanation. Live. Live without brakes," she said. His heart raced. Andrei shifted his gear to second. This was his key. The spine of an upstanding life was character. If all else was rid of, that was all a human had. The decisions in one’s own identity was like the wardrobe of the spirit, as discussed by Mars and Andrei. If a human being was fearless, she told him, they would act on all the things they desired. They would speak all the thoughts they were afraid to say. This pulled them closer to the sublime and away from obvious lands. Their life would gain access to moments of intimacy that were never far— only camouflaged. There was no one Andrei knew who lived like that. Not one. The comet was the most optimal way of life. Nothing could stop the person who decided to nail their foot on the gas. No interaction, rejection, weather, or obstacle of any kind would arrest them for too long. Everyone else had delays and was set back by their excuses. “Tea?” she asked. “Please.”
“But imagine,” said Mars, “being a comet. I want you to imagine a divine force in someone that pushes them through the world, infinitely, in each choice, melting barriers in its own perfect path, out your mouth, out from your hands, across countries, through rooms—” “—through terror—” “—past regulations—” “—past people—” “—every time—” “—every day ” “Their life would go so much further,” continued Mars, “so much—as if absorbing hundreds and hundreds of years of ordinary life experience while still their real age. If death is no secret, why do we hunch? That doesn’t make sense to me. I don’t get the hunching! We retreat even when we always know the most favorable thing to do. If you took every risk, you’d have everything. You’d have all that was all.”
“Persistence used to be his goal; perhaps, he once believed, if he endured more days, eventually life would come together, either ultimately or through a single event. Books and art and politics said to keep going. But while persistence was other men’s answer, their conflicts were not his. How could a man totally trust history’s advice when today, the sparrow breaks its old route and flies over that jacaranda tree and not the usual? Persistence was not Andrei’s answer. He needed deviation.”
“And it seemed fitting both for Andrei, and hypothetically the creators of the film, that when he got up to leave in the middle of it, he did so as an ode to the film. A statement of departure that said: 'If you made the movie for the reason I think you did, perhaps you wouldn’t be offended that I left the damn place and decided to chase after life. Inspiration is unlimited, but time is not. Thank you. Goodbye!' He left the poet’s book in the seat beside him, took his popcorn and soda, and exited the cinema the way the writers would have wanted.”
“This living organism breathed, could roam around the world, see and be seen, and make any mess it wanted. And here Andrei was, pulsing in a field with another pulse. How miraculous that for a short period, the two of them could focus their eyes, turn their heads, lift their limbs, and run straight into the arms of another person. The living were not rocks or wood, incapable of being affected by chance, but rather forces of momentary magic that could digress and collide with anything it chose. Should a human ever feel bored lying atop their bed, they could change reality and within thirty seconds walk outside and strike up a new conversation with another pulse on the street. The living sound an ancient, sacred, temporary hum that is exclusive to them. Once gone, it can never be retrieved. But if there still, it could do anything.”
“Each room I enter, every road I walk on, it asks for me, and waits to see whether or not I agreed to it. Did I try? Did I grab the moment? I love these jumps and where they lead.”
“Just as clouds are constantly moving, our lives are constantly changing.”
“People who try to bring you down are only trying to suppress your potential from showing itself. Because they know if it does, then you'll be able to achieve great things and leave them in the dust!”
“We are born alone, live alone, and die alone. We create the illusion of relationship, love, and friendship during the intermittent. A Maya who makes us feel like we're not alone.”
“Do whatever you can to make the most of the present. It's the only thing you can control.”
“І з того часу, скільки пам‘ятає Уве, вона щовечора поверталася додому й розповідала йому із сяючими очима про своїх хлопчиків і дівчаток. Про тих, які приходили в школу в супроводі поліції, а коли випускалися, то читали напам‘ять вірші…”
“Meadows would bore without greenery, and woods would be silent without birds and insects. There would have been no thrill had the stream or brook not babbled or trickled.”
“We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.”
“Every setback is an opportunity to grow if we take the time to reflect, find out what went wrong, and use our experiences to move forward.”
“It's easy to compare yourself to the people around you, but don't let that stop you from embracing the amazing gifts and talents you possess. Remember: they don't have what YOU'VE got!”
“You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.”
“Life is too short to spend it second guessing yourself! Break down those walls of limiting beliefs and get ready for amazing things ahead!”
“Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.”
“Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!”
“We all face challenges and disappointments in life, but it’s how we use these experiences to our advantage that matters! Instead of letting them bring us down, let’s take a moment to reflect on what went wrong, learn from our mistakes, and build resilience to help us move forward.”
“Nobody’s perfect, and life is full of challenges, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve love and acceptance!”
“We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.”
“Faith is no slave to rituals, rules or even religion. Many a godless men attained faith; many a faithless men attained god.”
“Nature's serene beauty and tranquillity aid in one's search.”
“Make yourself the light in the darkness”
“Though the physical appearance changes, the soul remains constant. In this way, everything changes around us, but nothing ever changes. The essence was always the same.”
“Ich habe [ ] deutlich gemacht, dass der menschliche Wille kein anderes Ziel hat, als das Bewusstsein wach zu erhalten. Aber das geht nicht ohne Disziplin. Von allen Schulen der Geduld und der Klarheit ist das Schaffen die wirksamste. Es ist zudem das erschütternde Zeugnis für die einzige würde des Menschen: die unnachgiebige Auflehnung gegen seine conditio, die Ausdauer in einer für unfruchtbar erachteten Anstrengung. Es erfordert tägliches Sichmühen, Selbstbeherrschung, die genaue Abschätzung der Grenzen des Wahren, Maß und Kraft. Es begründet eine Askese. Und das alles "für nichts", nur um zu wiederholen und um auf der Stelle zu treten. Aber vielleicht hat das große Kunstwerk weniger Bedeutung an sich als durch die Bewährung, die es von einem Menschen verlangt, und die Gelegenheit, die es ihm bietet zur Überwindung seiner Gespenster und zur weiteren Annäherung an seine nackte Wirklichkeit.”
“Whenever I'm feeling down, I always think back on all my goals and get instantly motivated".”
“Take a deep dive into nature. You will see everything around you colourful.”
“Whether you're facing a challenge or celebrating the little victories in life, know that nothing is more courageous than owning and loving your story.”
“Don't be afraid to take that first step and go after what you desire - because believe it or not, it wants you too. You deserve all the good things life has to offer; so go ahead and seize them!”
“It takes courage and strength to take a long, hard look at who you are, what you want out of this life, and how to make it happen.”
“One small shift in mindset, one tiny tweak to your daily routine — these are the things that can end up driving your future.”
“Sometimes it can feel like success comes in leaps and bounds, but the truth is that small shifts and tweaks are the things that will bring you closer to your desired future.”
“Self-care isn’t just about taking care of your body – it’s about tending to your mental health too, and that’s something all of us could use a little more of!”
“Stop surrounding yourself with all the negative energy that does nothing but drag you down.”
“I've made plenty of mistakes in my day, but one thing I've learned is that you never have to make the same mistake twice.”
“Nature is beautiful because it is simple.”
“Look deep within. You will find everything you seek.”
“Solitude is the choice to be alone for self-reflection and happiness.”
“You have to find power in everything negative in your life.”
“True leaders have an unwavering commitment to their mission, no matter how insurmountable the odds may seem. They are selfless and determined, and they understand that through perseverance, nothing is impossible.”
“Great leaders don't just establish a following; they create an army of leaders, who are empowered to think for themselves and become their own heroes!”
“The wind of life is ever-present. We can fight against it and waste our energy, or we can use it to our advantage and redirect our sails towards a brighter future. Embrace the wind as an opportunity to push yourself beyond the limits and come out stronger on the other side!”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach, or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential. It isn't enough to be knowledgeable about what you do - you have to be hungry for improvement.”
“Fear can keep us stuck in our comfort zone, but courage can open us up to tremendous possibilities and growth. The choice is yours.”
“Knowledge is great – it's the foundation for success – but knowledge alone won't get you far. It’s the hunger and passion for improvement that will take you to the next level and stay there long-term.”
“Start celebrating other people's wins and keep striving for your own! Life isn't a competition, so focus on your journey and appreciate the successes of those around you.”
“When the green-eyed monster strikes, it’s how you use that feeling that will make all the difference. Don’t let it turn into envy—use it to power your fire! Find somebody who has what you desire and study their journey—don't judge them on their success, but learn from it.”
“Life is all about making decisions, but it's not the decisions we make that shape our lives - it's our habits. Habits are the daily actions that give us direction and eventually decide where we end up. So choose your habits wisely.”
“Leadership isn't easy – it requires courage, kindness, humility, and boldness to be successful. But don't let the pitfalls of rudeness, weakness, laziness, and arrogance trip you up! If you want to be a leader worth following, strike the balance between courage and confidence…and take decisive actions along the way!”
“Leadership often requires learning, and learning requires leadership. It’s not a coincidence that these two concepts are intertwined – without one, you can’t have the other.”
“There is no shortcut to success - it takes hard work and dedication but with perseverance, you can become a leader who draws in quality people.”
“Courage doesn't mean feeling no fear, it means having the strength to carry on despite it. When you face your fears, you gain control of your life. Don't be afraid to take the first step and show the world what you've got!”
“Don't let anyone tell you otherwise: your potential is LimitLESS! Stop doubting your potential. Work hard, take small steps and make your dreams a reality.”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential.”
“Life is full of unexpected turns and challenges, but don't let that stop you from becoming who you are truly meant to be. Push through any doubts or fears and unlock your hidden potential.”
“Fear can be a powerful emotion and it's easy to let it direct your decisions. But, no matter what you choose, remember that YOU are always in control of your destiny. Don't be afraid to be bold and brave - life is whatever you make it.”
“Passion is all about YOU, and what brings you energy and life. But finding YOUR true, unique purpose takes courage. It means daring to live your truth, and inspiring others to do the same. Find what sets your heart on fire and use it to spread your light into the world.”
“Life isn't about getting the perfect hand of cards - it's about taking the cards you're dealt and making the most of them!”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority, it’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.”
“Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!”
“When it comes to success, it’s not just what you do and how hard you work - it's also about taking care of yourself!”
“Real courage lies in being able to believe in yourself enough to try again tomorrow, even after a tough day.”
“Identifying your core values and goals is an incredibly important step on the road to achieving success.”
“Stress is like a storm, quietly building. If I can remain calm, I quiet the storm.”
“Take a moment. Breathe. Slow Down. Let Go. Experience the calm.”
“When I calm my mind, I experience the greatest joy of all.”
“People say, don’t worry about the small stuff. Determining if your biggest worry is small stuff is a skill. Letting go of small stuff is a gift.”
“Finding inner peace should be your highest goal and determining steps to reach it should be your highest priority.”
“Every moment is a gift; the only moment you know for sure is the present moment.”
“The ultimate pleasure is found in the calmness of the mind.”
“Expressing gratitude is a small action that, when practiced every day, will allow inner peace to unfold exponentially.”
“My highest achievement in life will be inner peace.”
“Living in the present and letting go of thoughts that no longer serve me allow me to relax, unwind and experience peace.”
“Imagine all the stress in your life, having wings, and can simply fly away in the wind.”
“By becoming my best friend and being comfortable in the quiet, I can retreat any time into my personal sanctuary.”
“Powerful breathing exercises help me realize good things will happen.”
“Gratitude and service are the best way to a happy and joyful life.”
“Remaining calm in stressful situations gives you time to assess the situation later when you are calmer.”
“There is nothing more beautiful than a blue sky and fresh air. Be one with the sky.”
“The most beautiful things I see are when my mind is the calmest.”
“The answers to your most pressing questions will arrive in your mind by being still in the moment and relaxing.”
“The best defense against stress is a calm mind.”
“Strength is found in the calmness of not reacting instantly. Taking a moment and thinking calmly will bring clarity.”
“Thoughts can be like a rough sea, turbulent, out of control with low visibility. However, everything becomes clear when the sea is calm, including your thoughts.”
“The best way to receive abundance is to believe abundance is already present.”
“Nature's secrets are simplicity and patience.”
“Positive people like you all who spread positive energy achieve success in life. I have trained more than 10,000 students by now in my teaching experience of 12+ years. And I can tell this with conviction.”
“Em vez de pensarmos na família como algo que existe, temos de pensar nela como algo que se constrói. Nós «fazemos» a família.”
“Treasure good health, give thanks to God,”
“It's better to wake up than fall back asleep in a town with no dreams.”
“Don’t pass judgement on how humans communicate with the supreme because everyone has their way of doing things.”
“Walking alone through nature can be meditative.”
“You should know that a period of isolation is often required before a massive breakthrough. You are here to shed layers, years, identities, relationships, and everything else that is keeping you writing the same old story. Allow it. Walk tall and walk alone, for as long as you need to. This is your becoming.”
“Everything around you will change when you change yourself into the person you want to be.”
“Letting go of thoughts that no longer serve you will increase your inner peace.”
“Micro-sized habit changes make problems more manageable and goals more attainable. You can do this anytime, anywhere for the low, low cost of totally free. There are no barriers to entry.”
“Simply go outside and have fun. The most abundant source of happiness is nature.”
“Victory sits perched upon peaks of obstacles confronting us. We should never give up.”
“Man is as tough as a rock but delicate as a flower.”
“There are TWO ways to have the largest skyscraper. One is to work hard to build the best skyscraper, inspiring others to do the same, making yourself and the world better. Other people work hard to demolish everyone else's skyscrapers and discourage others, so their shack is the largest skyscraper. Be the first type of person.”
“I Sh*t, therefore I am”
“I used to tell my kids, there are TWO ways to make the best sandcastle. Work hard to make the best sandcastle you can, motivating other kids to do the same and then improving your sandcastle as needed. Other is simpler; just go knock down everyone else's sandcastle so your little pile of sand is the best.”
“Your understanding of life will deepen as you spend more time in nature.”
“The brisk wind, flowing river, rocky mountains, dense forest, and blue sky all contribute to my deep understanding of life.”
“Nature teaches us to be compassionate, kind, and non-discriminatory.”
“a subtle kind of murder happens when parents don’t allow their children to be the people they’re meant to be love means letting your child just live free”
“When you are in the presence of the beauty of nature, nothing but happiness can overtake you.”
“Defiance and acceptance come together well in the following principle: There is always a countermove, always an escape of way through, so there is now reason to get worked up. No one said it would be easy and, of course, the stakes are high, but the path is there for those ready to take it.”
“  Perspective is everything. That is, when you can break apart something, or look at it from a new angle, it loses its power over you.”
“If you look at nature closely, you will notice miracles all around you.”
“Regrettably, we believe we own the earth, the trees, the mountains, flowing rivers, and many other things, but we are all owned by nature.”
“Every time I admire nature, I wish I could just disappear into it.”
“Throw yourself into nature's arms when you're completely lost in the dark; it will reveal a new glimmer of hope.”
“Music is all around you; all you have to do is listen to it.”
“Nature's secret is simplicity and patience.”
“Believe me, circumstances are never favorable. We should not depend on them. What is important is what one feels, what one wants, what one knows. We have to live despite reality and even against it, without waiting for it to be conducive as do the deluded, or the cowards.”
“One can discover true bliss in nature’s stillness.”
“IT MAY NOT KILL YOU PHYSICALLY HOWEVER IT CAN STILL KILL YOUR SPIRIT! ~FRIEND IN YOUR POCKET”
“Life is beautiful. Cherish every moment, appreciate what you have, and find joy in the present.”
“Outside influences cannot bring the peace you crave; you must find peace from within.”
“I would take one minute of peace of mind instead of the best dessert on earth.”
“By smiling, you automatically feel peace.”
“Positive emotions are created with peaceful thoughts.”
“Sometimes it is because we are chosen, that we are rejected.”
“Regular practice, consistency and self-confidence can only help you becoming a great player.”
“Accroche-toi à tes rêves et fonce. Ne lâche pas. Remonte mille fois la montagne s'il le faut, puisque tu es si sûre que c'est de l'autre côté que tu dois aller. Peut-être que ce sera de l'autre côté de l'autre côté, derrière la montagne qui se trouve derrière la montagne. Qu'importe. Ne lâche pas, c'est là-bas que poussent tes rêves, sur le fil de l'horizon. Tu as peur ? Alors crie, hurle, chante à tue-tête. Va chercher cette gorgée d'air qui te manque. Ce feu qui te dévore, qui court dans tes veines, tu le sens ? Cette énergie qui couve en toi, cette impatience dans chacun de tes gestes ? Bien sûr que tu le sens. Accepte ce feu. Fais-en ton moteur.”
“There is no limit to what one can ask of one's adolescent self".”
“The Law of Karma states that neither a drop of kindness nor a speck of evil will go unreturned.”
“Every glittering stone, like every shining metal, is not precious.”
“You are pretty now. But if you don’t learn to love yourself, even if you are pretty, you are not truly considered beautiful.”
“Honestly, I’ve wanted to give up a lot of times. But I worked hard. I believed I would succeed if I worked hard.”
“Accept situations without hesitation and allow things to flow naturally in whatever direction they want.”
“Тебе нужно подпоясаться, набраться смелости и запомнить, что черепаха путешествует, только когда вытягивает шею из панциря.”
“I don't think you understand. I didn't get any pussy in college. Really. I didn't get ANY pussy in college. none. work? Doing stuff? What the fuck is wrong with you? I really didn't get any pussy in college. None.”
“Through everything and every Atma (Soul) in this universe, you can see Param-Atma (Supreme).”
“Hell and heaven exist in the present moment. Stop worrying about heaven because they are both present right now.”
“Don’t be depressed about a ‘misfortune,’ because it could be a ‘fortune.”
“It’s never too late to ask yourself, ‘Am I willing to change from within?”
“My words are not for the rich businessmen and women, bureaucrats, fashion models, and other affluent people living in our world. My words are for the strugglers, and the fighters, who need them to continue the fight against injustice, oppression, inequality and discrimination against them by an insensitive world.”
“Intellect tangles and knots people, but love and compassion dissolve all tangles.”
“It's absolutely ok to make poor choices; no one knows the world completely. To come out with better results is real responsibility.”
“Nothing hurls an individual towards their goals faster than the sting of defeat. That's when all the probing post-mortem questions get asked. Victory is the fluffing up and reinforcing of the existing ego.”
“Busyness is expensive.”
“Using less time to produce more is intelligent, then why do intelligent people choose to multitask?”
“If multitasking is the solution for doing more in less time, then the human race is moving towards a time when we will attempt to finish items on our to-do list while we sleep.”
“One who seeks a perfect friend will find none.”
“And to have a purpose, to be willing to die for a cause—was that the highest form of living?”
“He was given too much agency in a fallen world.”
“Man who is deeply in love with nature never ages.”
“True comfort cannot be bought with fame and luxury, it must be earned through personal growth and self-acceptance”
“What you’re good at is important, for sure, but what you love is the greatest motivator you have.”
“Why can’t I change?? Why???????? You yell to the heavens, momentarily forgetting that you are not the leading character in a silent film being tied ceremoniously to a train track by a scurrilous villain with a handlebar mustache.”
“Once a habit is formed, we can’t forget that response completely, but we can interrupt and replace it with something else.”
“The most contented man is one who has control over his desires.”
“Happiness and sufferings coexist on the wheel of life.”
“The smile on a child's face is the most priceless thing in the world. Never let the child inside of you die, and make sure to look after it whenever it needs something. You would improve everything if you had a kinder heart. Happy Children's Day!”
“Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done. But not me. For me, motivation is this horrible, scary game the I try to make myself do something while I actively avoid doing it. If I win, I have to do something I don't want to do . If I lose. I'm one step closer to ruining my entire life. And I never know whether I'm going to win or lose until the last second.”
“Anyone who does not comprehend your silence is unlikely to comprehend what you say or think.”
“You are appealing because you are distinct.”
“Faith is the power that allows a perplexing world to emerge into the light.”
“Greed is the source of all suffering and pain.”
“And, if you want it, it's all yours.”
“You can initiate a phase of death and rebirth at any time. You don't have to sit idle and wait for an outside force to make that happen for you. Choose to end things. This will always spark an opportunity for a new beginning.”
“A healthy dose of pain and discomfort is required to balance out all the highs of live embrace the challenge!”
“There are two types of individuals— those who crumble under pressure, and those who thrive when subjected to extreme situations.”
“We must peel away the bitterness of life from time to time in order to reveal the richer aspects of life.”
“Not all soldiers wield spears.”
“Your greatest successes in life will often come from assisting others in their endeavours.”
“As God moves us into a new year, normalize doing your own thing regardless of what anyone says or thinks. Mind your business and become great at it. Lastly, stop being accessible to everyone, you will find peace within.”
“True bliss is never experienced through the senses (Pancha jnanendriya) but exists beyond the senses.”
“When it’s inside, don’t search in the dark outside.”
“Life is a series of natural and unanticipated changes. Don’t fight them; instead, accept them with grace.”
“people tend to do stuff because they expect to get something out of it”
“I’m not scared of failing. I simply do not know how to fly.”
“Life goes on, and others replace the dead. Death changes nothing.”
“If you want to be happy, let go of your anger and bitterness and embrace kindness, compassion, faith, and love.”
“To find peace, let go of your rage, lust, greed, guilt, and bitterness.”
“It feels like Salinger wrote The Catcher in the Rye in a day, and that incredible feeling of ease inspires writing. Inspires the pursuit of voice. Not his voice. My voice. Your voice.”
“Silence is the most effective tool for accomplishing goals.”
“How we perceive supreme reflects how we perceive ourselves.”
“Always keep your head held high.”
“I believe that self-defense is essential in protecting one’s well-being and dignity.”
“While you exist, be good.”
“There should be no shame in openly saying, I want this. There should be no shame in not knowing what one wants.”
“When you don't pay attention to your intuition, or go against it, you may find that you feel a certain heaviness, lack of energy, a kind of deadness. This is because the life force is trying to come through and move you in a certain way, and it is being blocked.”
“When you sow a seed it will grow. Somehow, someway, it will grow.”
“The success zone and the comfort zone are not in the same place.”
“I’m frail; I’m heartbroken; I’m a moron; They have deceived me. The mind creates ridiculous doubts and quandaries about itself.”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth  This is why learning is a never- ending process.”
“There are a thousand different ways to get home. Just dance and celebrate until you dissolve into one.”
“According to the wheel of life, everything is subject to change and extinction.”
“Eternal Light is something that has always existed. The amount of light you receive will depend on your actions.”
“As one thinks about the objects of the senses, one becomes attached to them. Attachment comes before desire, and desire comes before anger.”
“Whenever we reach an unexpected barrier in the way of honoring our souls' truth through action, it is essential to dust ourselves off and keep flying toward our dreams.”
“When you have a soul sometimes it burns.”
“When one becomes self-aware, all mental delusions fade away like darkness in the sky, banished by the movement of the sun.”
“The world, which is like a mountain, echoes your words back to you. Be in love no matter where you are or what you do.”
“Understanding others is a sign of intelligence; understanding oneself is a sign of true wisdom. Controlling others is a sign of strength, but mastering oneself is a sign of true power.”
“But still hope.”
“One who is too relentless to listen to other people's views finds very few people who agree with him.”
“Even a king must submit to great art.”
“We are in charge of our destiny, and we control our future by how we think and act.”
“The greatest feeling in the world to me is triumph.”
“Facts didn't matter to people if they were smiling.”
“Really, it's newsletters and direct followings that are always the main determinant for winning anyway.”
“Love and kindness serve as a bridge between you and all living things.”
“The mind is everything in this world. It is the source of all pain and suffering. If the mind can be healed, it will cure all illnesses in this world.”
“I’m not afraid of strong winds because I’m learning to fly.”
“Just celebrate and dance. Life is a moment we are living right now.”
“Faith isn’t blind belief; it’s unwavering trust.”
“Why are you looking outside when it is already inside you?”
“The human brain is capable of doing more than just thinking about earning bread and butter. Live your life to the fullest so that you won't regret it in future. Travel, explore, Learn, create, and help!”
“Don't lure yourself into a trap of a motivational speaker. The person who gives motivation might be needing more motivation than anyone else out there. You can find your journey through trial and error. That's the only possible way. All other methods are nothing but a fallacy. Sooner or later you will learn how to make peace out of yourself.”
“No matter what you're going through, there is always another brick sitting right there in front of you, waiting to be laid. The only question is, are you going to get up and lay it?”
“I am not this skin, this flesh, this bone, this hair, or this other physical component; rather, I am the soul that resides there.”
“It's always never worth the money; until you possess it.”
“Success isn't a straight line but failure is, you fail straight but you succeed by bending, mending, and molding that line of failure until you reach that position and place you called success.”
“Nobody can take your happiness away from you. Once you learn how to create it.”
“Be as delicate as a flower at all times. A flower can still bloom when surrounded by thorns, but you can’t smile if you’re in pain.”
“They returned our actions and words to us like echoes in a mountain.”
“Motivation is like bacteria. Positivity is good motivation, rarely found, the good bacteria. Negativity, the bad one, found everywhere. Culture good one.”
“If you want to sing, you sing without considering who is listening or what they might think.”
“The realisation has to come from within you. That’s how it becomes self-realisation. So does motivation.”
“God's language is empathy, compassion, kindness, and silence.”
“Why do you continue to live in confinement when the door is so wide open?”
“Do not grieve! Everything you lose eventually comes back to you in some other way.”
“Open your eyes. See the sunrise. It is there to remind you that you still have another chance to rewrite the story of your life.”
“Action is precious than plentiful words.”
“The next 24 hours is a blank canvas. Your canvas. What will you paint on it?”
“You can be certain that the religion of love accepts everyone.”
“Don't spend your life waiting for it to begin.”
“Opportunity meets preparation. Prepare today for the opportunities you desire tomorrow.”
“There is no positive energy like praying.”
“Meditation is great motivation.”
“Master the mind with meditation.”
“Courage is critical in any circumstance.”
“An Archer must never lose focus. If the world bends Archer. It is in within in contemplation we soar the sky ~”
“Knowledge is the ink of eternal Bliss ~”
“When your compass is shaking there's always another one reaching out . Be a gallon when its finds you ~”
“Silence serves the passionated self ~”
“The storm that chases is the storm that revels ~”
“Without meditation, how can you be motivated?”
“The mind is liberated - by reflecting on oneself.”
“You might be dying, but you’re not dead yet, you miserable wretch, now get up and do something before you allow your brother’s sacrifice and everything we all have lost to be for nothing.”
“Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes”
“Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes”
“Beauty is not in the face, its the reflection of your Soul that will never change nor fade”
“I am extreme in everything I do Can immensely love and can immensely hate U choose”
“My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit”
“Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it”
“Rule Number 1: To hell with what they think”
“We have seen countless sunrises, but their beauty never ceases to amaze us.”
“Being a candle is difficult because one must first burn in order to emit light.”
“Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about.”
“Begin each day by saying a positive affirmation in the mirror.”
“Life is truly an amazing experience.”
“Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand”
“Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune”
“Love is the only reason behind my glow”
“Fashion is always an instant language  easy to speak and wonderful to feel.”
“I dont just have to be perfect I have to be me”
“My eyes speak another language, you just need super powers to read it”
“You don’t need to be brilliant, wealthy, attractive, or perfect to make a difference in someone’s life. Just show some concern.”
“Reality is as necessary as reason.”
“Men all pass away. However, not all men live.”
“A delicious meal needs pepper and salt, but if they dominate, the meal is ruined.”
“No project will go perfectly, nor will the end result be perfect, but as long as you had fun, that’s what matters most.”
“To every broken person: I don’t want to know the reason. But the purpose you are here is not to compete. None of the person knows the meaning of life on this Earth. They have just customized their choices. That’s it. You also select one and start with small.”
“Nothing is more scrumptious than a cup of bitter coffee.”
“Don't waste your time living the life of someone else.”
“Whoever does not comprehend your silence likely will not comprehend what you say.”
“In this world of Maya, nothing is permanent, not even our pain and suffering.”
“Empathy is the language of the blind who can see, and compassion is the music of the deaf who can hear.”
“Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!”
“Do my eyes reflect a vibe?”
“We all glow differently!”
“Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!”
“Friends are Family and Family is Bae”
“Coz Red is so Dangerously Lovely  U choose Danger or Love?”
“They say eyes reflect reality I believe it!”
“Coz Red is for LOVE and Love is BAE!”
“Me Right Now lol  Takes 1 Snapchat Selfie and deletes 100 normal selfies…”
“Coz Black is Beautiful!”
“Feel the Vibe ?”
“Lovely Hair = bae”
“These eyes  hypnotize!”
“Life can't always be perfect, thats why we capture memories to look back on!”
“Happiness is the cutest emotion I flaunt with pride”
“A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter”
“Red is the Colour I LOVE   coz Red is the Colour of LOVE”
“Magic Lasts Longer When Shared”
“The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are”
“There is always a Reason, when its the Season so lets smile together”
“Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!”
“Sometimes we gotta do what we love to love what we do!”
“In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!”
“The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!”
“Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!”
“You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is”
“Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all”
“I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!”
“My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams”
“True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity”
“You're the beginning, You're the ending, You're the one who rides the waves of my emotions, One who makes me compassionate, One who's the light of my dark self, I'll be the one always testing your patience, I'll be the one always annoying you, I'll be the one always hurting you, Why? Because I know you'll always be there to bear the jokes I crack, To tolerate my inside chaos, To see my vulnerable self, To misinterpreting your actions & intentions, I'll always be hardcore to deal with, Taking you over the edge, Because that's what I only know.”
“unless I am myself, I am nobody.”
“IT'S NOT ALWAYS ABOUT THE POUNDS LOST MORE ABOUT THE STRENGTH GAINED QWANA B.G.R.F”
“When you're given the opportunity to change your life, be ready to do whatever it takes to make it happen. The world doesn't give you things. You take things.”
“Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur I promise you it doesn't end here!”
“Make your Mark without Erasing who You are ! . . . Words of Wisdom take or leave!”
“Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!”
“Nothing is unwanted in this world. Everybody & everything has value. Never worry about the value. Beyond every unwanted stage, you will find recycled & reborn stage.”
“Every thought arises from experience & observation, always take it for inspiration, motivation & direction only. Never compare your situation with any thought. Other's thought can correlate with your situation but situational decisions must be always yours.”
“Your own life struggles are enough to motivate you.”
“The quest of one man is the quest of all mankind.”
“What motivates a person is a sense of meaning. A clearly defined, even uniquely determined role in life brings about life satisfaction.”
“You cannot cross the ocean before leaving the shore.”
“In my resistance, I knew that there was more to the assignment. To think of an assignment as nothing more than a grade would be a missed opportunity as it is. But when there's resistance, it's an even bigger indicator that something's going on, there's a deeper significance. And I knew there was something to the story that was to come. And I was motivated. There's a certain excitement that arises when one realizes they're at the onset of a personal transformation.”
“As long as you keep moving, it doesn't matter how slowly you go.”
“You are the entire ocean in a drop, not just a drop in the sea.”
“Identify your whys to motivation. One positive thought is the key to inspiration. Tweak a bit to approach the target. Don't lose your mind, Just one step will work up the rest!”
“You cannot separate brokenness from brilliance.”
“You will understand the true meaning of a friend in time of need.”
“A gigantic tree begins with an invisible seed.”
“Silence and Smile: Those are two powerful weapons.”
“If you are critical about the flaws of others, then make sure you are not blind of your own.”
“If you are - unable to appreciate others, at the very least, thank them.”
“Lie may last for a few hours, but the truth will last forever.”
“Here they resisted to the last, with their swords if they had them, and if not, with their hands and teeth”
“Your action - A hastiness lead to regret, but patience and empathy leads - to peace and happiness.”
“One who is capable of forgiving others is wise.”
“Wealth comes like a turtle and leaves like a wind.”
“Dites-moi… On ne peut pas changer le présent, c’est bien ça? - En effet. - Et ce qui va arriver après? - C’est-à-dire?” Fumiko prit soin de bien choisir ses mots: “Eh bien… ce qui va arriver dans le futur. - Le futur n’étant pas encore arrivé, tout ne dépendra que de vous…” Sur ces mots, pour la première fois, Kazu lui sourit. Les yeux de Fumiko s’illuminèrent.”
“Blue is said to be the colour of Magic, did you notice or should I blink again?”
“Your Children will See What You're All About by What you Live rather than What you Say.”
“Like all rivers, they will eventually lead to the sea.”
“You can recognize the people who live for others by the haunted look on the faces of the others. I would so much rather you wrote a book in order to entertain yourself than to help me. Or if your subject matter is darker and more serious, I would prefer that you made your art in order to save yourself or to relive yourself of some great psychic burden, rather than to save or relieve us.”
“Our minds control us; we do not control our minds.”
“Actions are the seed of destiny.”
“Our problem is not the government,other people,the rich or the economy this we can't control but we sure can control our own minds. We perish for lack of knowledge so start learning & keep learning.Remember even what you know is useless if not used.”
“Life is govern by principles not by how you feel.Just image a farmer who does not sow his seeds & decides that he is going throw them on the roof because he feels so, well he is sure not going to have a harvest.”
“We all live in a myriad of dualities.”
“We are deluded by Maya, and we are the slaves of illusion.”
“If you find yourself in a funk or feeling unmotivated with life, make a small goal. Start with a small area of chaos in your life. Make a short list of two or three things and check them off. This may help you feel like you are progressing. Wash the dishes, clean the closet, sweep the porch, organize your food pantry, or clean out your car. You don’t need to go out and run a marathon. Instead, set a smaller goal. Walk 5,000 or 10,000 steps. In order to do that, you must start with one.”
“It is by your faith that you can stand firm.”
“If people can choose against GOD thier CREATOR don't think they won't choose against you.”
“External objects are not the ones that intertwine us. It’s the inner attachment that ties us in.”
“We are solely to blame for our misery.”
“Momentum is the "it" factor in life. If you want success build momentum.”
“It is your choice whether you laugh or cry; it is your life.”
“My life's vision is to set an example for the youth”
“Our minds are constantly filled with self-doubts and internal conflicts that accuse us of being helpless, miserable, stupid, and deceived.”
“It is better to elevate yourself through the power of your mind than to lower yourself because the mind can be both a friend and an enemy to the self.”
“The mind is the source of both bondage and liberation.”
“Every journey begins with a small step”
“”
“The choice is yours , the way you want to live!”
“The most successful people are full of enthusiasm. There is an unmistakable fire in their eyes. They speak and act with passion.”
“Anyone can nurture of myth about their life if they have enough manure, so if the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, that's probably because it's full of shit.”
“The most expensive thing that you can buy in the most densely populated places on the planet is distance.”
“When you get home this evening, when this day is over and the night takes us, allow yourself a deep breath because we made it through this day as well. There will be another one along tomorrow.”
“God can not save you from knifes and stones dear, that is why we are here - to save each other.”
“Recognizing Your Strengths The strengths you have inside your core represent the self in the world through the internal strengths that shine within you showering the world. The values you stand behind the virtues of living a meaningful life. Your values lead the path for you to be recognized in the world by the action you take. The kindness you have helped bonding the world. The love you spread, nurturing the world. The forgiveness you have, begins healing in the world. The humility inside you representing you bringing out the best of you. The fairness you treat the world, you are showing a leader in the world. The love of learning you practice doing, you are bringing light in the world. The spirituality you practice, you are making peace in the world. The talents you have mattered in this world. Artistic gift of yours, creates a colorful world. Literary gift of yours, inspires the world. Engineering gift of yours, advance the world. Athletic gift of yours, impresses the world. All the strengths you have mean everything to us all. Recognizing your strengths is a beginning of all. No talent is too small or too rare that cannot be used in this intricate world to favor the world. Working hard in nurturing your strengths you are helping us all. One day we all can reap your fruit feeding us all.”
“Awakening The historical agonizing moments of hysteria mocking, left negative imprints into my tomorrow mourning, triggering constant anxiousness in the moment worrying, worrying about the past is not living for tomorrow. Awakening from historical trauma is moving forward to live today and for tomorrow. Facing tomorrow, must Live in the present day. Living at the moment, awakening begins. Feeling the moment awakening awakens. Awakening allows genuine moments to penetrate. Awakening aware of the past. Awakening is in the present. Awakening creates new memories of the present time. Awakening willing to be there for tomorrow. You have awakened from the past, living in present and facing forward tomorrow. You are well awaken living your life. ”
“You have seen me fall; now see me rise.”
“History continues until we learn from it and change our course.”
“Without the momentum of a stern discipline, motivation is mostly a momentary, flighty emotion. For it works best under the supervision of discipline, but can serve as not only an ally but also an enemy: because in anything that requires your self-discipline - whether going to church, going to classes, going to workouts, going through trainings, completing jobs, reading books, living well, eating healthily, studying, practicing something - the more times you skip, the more relaxed and motivated you'll become about skipping; and the next thing you know you've quit your fight altogether (or, put in short, the more you skip, the more you'll skip until you've quit). Maybe then you'll see that motivation bears its fruits when watered by discipline, but it spoils when not.”
“Charisma without character is like fire without heat, it doesn't burn anything.”
“Even a zero can make 1 worth more”
“Grab onto life and live it well. Don’t sit and watch it pass by, and don’t overindulge. Never shy away from a challenge or hard work or improvement on all fronts. Fuse your intellect and will together to create an edifice the gods themselves would envy.”
“We all have a list of things that we failed at. This list is not kept in our mind to remind us of the failure, but it's there so we remember that we cannot let that be the thing we are known for. We must try again - this time, we will not fail”
“The MORE you clean up, the more you climb up”
“The best reward comes from our collective effort and energy.”
“Every sunrise is an invitation to rise and make someone's day brighter.”
“Everything is for our enjoyment.”
“Celebrate your success, then set your eyes on the horizon; there is so much more to do!”
“Life is a boomerang. What you give, you get.”
“You know what's amazing? The fact that every day you probably make someone you don't even know smile.”
“The sharp jagged edges of memory are where both pain and motivation lie.”
“Always pursue glory. Shine like the stars. Burn up with ambition. Shed your old skin. Try, try, and try again. Fail, fail, and fail again. But fail better, and one day you will not fail at all.”
“And then I realized that sometimes it was God who planted such seed in my heart; to care, to love, to hope. Even it hurts a lot right now, enduring what God had planted in our hearts, do know that we are being taught with a lesson. And that lesson will make us a better person, maybe even the best version.”
“Whatever life throws at you, what you make of it is entirely up to you.”
“Even good paddy - is punished by being pounded with the pestle to yield rice.”
“We do what we do because we are who we are.”
“One way of motivating yourself towards implementing your idea is to ask yourself; what and how much would I lose if the idea is practicable, doable, and feasible but I lacked the guts to act and push it to reality?”
“Many things are going to seem few if you desire many things.”
“We constantly place value on the material world and consider it to be the source of ultimate truth and happiness.”
“How you live now determines the kind of life you will live & have from now,for if you keep doing the same things then expect the same results.”
“Consciousness is only an image, swipe it off, and you are free.”
“When consciousness ends, that is where the otherness unfolds naturally as a whole.”
“Inspire one and inspire another, inspire me to look for me and embraces me.”
“Character is when alone and nobody is watching while behavior is when one is in the stage spotlight.”
“When there is nobody to encourage you; learn the art of encouraging and motivating yourself. Many times you will find yourself in situations where everybody looks at you for encouragement, including yourself for that matter.”
“The highest call in life is when you give yourself to others and expect nothing from them”
“When you travel mentally from a low point to a high point, the ensuing inspiration eclipses the negativity of the initial downfall.”
“We need each other more than ever. We cannot get through it alone, find the hope to move forward and do all we need to do alone, find the joy and beauty alone to have the incentive to find the hope.”
“I personally believe that fear is a great motivator. Being afraid can even be healthy, as you really achieve something grand when you get to the other side of your worst nightmare.”
“The mission of a man is his message.”
“Every sunrise is an invitation for us to arise and brighten someone’s day.”
“A true beggar is unable to discover his true wealth.”
“Guilt provides far more effective motivation than greed. For greed, at times, can be satiated.”
“Any intensely lived emotion simply liberates us from those very emotions.”
“When you don't have a mentor you suffer in the hands of tormentors.”
“Memorisation come from the head but meditation is from the heart.”
“Difficulty is the foundation of growth, which is the foundation of greatness.”
“We sometimes have to exercise to want to exercise.”
“To memories is to think with your head; to meditate is to think with your heart.”
“To purify yourself, you must first learn to pray.”
“Of course, it comes down to a little creativity and a lot of motivation. The creativity is inside all of us. The motivation is rougher.”
“A solution to a problem may be effective, but that doesn't mean it's the best solution”
“Inside us, there is a part of every nation, every religion, every culture, every tradition and every language. We are the world.”
“The kind of seed sown will yield the same type of fruit.”
“The Magic all begins with YOU." "You are the company you keep." "Positivity gets Positivity back.”
“Despite mournful envy and Dejected wrath, We bask under blue skies, Bewitching stars, And mystical moons, Loving rumbles of thunder, Glistening raindrops, And a hazy peaceful sunrise. In the face of Sorrowful greed, We delight in magnificent mountains, Bountiful oceans, Turquoise lagoons, Beautiful blossoms, And the green, green grass Of springtime. Through raging anger, Aching sadness, We treasure radiant sunsets, Seek marble courtyards, Ancient architecture, And splendid arched bridges. We sing the praises of Breathtaking falls. Even crushed And bewildered, We are captivated by Exquisite winged creatures, Tropical forests, And the critters we nurture. We embrace the power in our divinity And the superb magic of everything. With every threat to the world We belong to And embrace, We revel in books and dreams. We’re mesmerized by Otherworldly visions And plentiful hues. We cherish The light in ever-curious Truth seekers, And are ever grateful For smiles, Rapturous affection, Laughter, And love.”
“What we want comes from participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.”
“Our world has no place for cowards.”
“Everyone is intertwined with the past, present, and future.”
“What do you do when there's nowhere to turn? You drive straight ahead.”
“We can’t simultaneously think of two things.”
“Never apologize for who you are.”
“Life With Adventure”
“The type of belief in myself I had to have was met with a childlike naivety. At age twenty, I was too dumb to know that I had a snowball’s chance in hell of succeeding, but I believed in myself enough to try. I knew that if I didn’t act, there was a 100 percent chance I wouldn’t find success.”
“Make the most of every moment.”
“Ali, pre ili kasnije, i u najiscrpljenijim telima mora se skupiti nova snaga, kao što i najveći krčag mora biti do vrha ispunjen kišnicom, ukoliko pljusak dovoljno dugo potraje.”
“I’m a rebel in the game of chance I have learned to enjoy the spiritual dance I have yearned to speak the language of truth I have the power to inspire our youth”
“Like a fighter pilot that goes full throttle, Like a bullet train that wants to lead, Like an inspiring game of spin the bottle, I desired creativity and its unique speed. Like a lady who walks with dignity and pride, Like a gentleman who stands by justice and truth, Like a loose cannon with a constructive attitude, I treasured the power of gratitude.”
“My smile is big and speaks of love I carry it around like a silky glove When you turn and look at me What do you see, what do you see”
“Question why we have certain attitudes towards professions/moods: 1) Corrupt politician 2) Vain movie star 3) Disgruntled employee 4) Mean classmate 5) Greedy banker 6) Deep writer 7) Sad poet Why do we apply these moods to people from these occupations? Where does this desire to criticize stem from? Why are we more critical of some occupations more than others? Since when have stereotypes existed? Why do we typically utilize them in a negative manner?”
“• Utilize science to help others lessen effects of painful memories • Experience new cultures, languages, lifestyles, and countries • Help others (and yourself) avoid/overcome identity theft, burnout, bankruptcy, and divorce”
“Don’t blame me for your mediocrity it’s not my fault you lack integrity”
“Love can make the world come together Opening our hearts to the future Only love can make the world come together Come together, changing the weather”
“We find out what is obvious We discover what is curious At last the puzzle has been solved Into dreams that evolved”
“Choose words wisely, wisely you will learn The manner in which we choose to express Determines the outcome of this game of chess”
“Is this how we want to live our lives Is this how we want to shape our archives Angry and bitter from moments that left us empty Forgetting why we ever thought it was a good decision To get stuck tied down in the wrong kind of vision”
“Hope appears as a distant stranger Where ghosts are quiet and lack strength Unaware that they will confront danger When ideas start to display their length”
“Within the dimensions of an infinite dance, Lives a crowd that looks for a unique tree, It serenades hearts to join its trance, So they can swim in the beautiful blue sea”
“Our behaviour should correspond to our thoughts and actions.”
“I think that negative Emotions have their place Confusion Anger Sadness Fear They have their place They set a pace Each unraveling a unique face And it’s up to our choices Whether we learn from their voices”
“Choices: a way to display The full spectrum of our voices. Every choice is a voice. I love thinking about what else Displays our voices because that Sort of mentality leads To the truth of our existence As well as how to Infiltrate the consciousness Behind ideas.”
“That’s what you say That I’m different And unique Right? Am I right? Because that is me I always fight I fight and fight and fight all day Long after everyone has left And gone away Long after there is no play”
“But I do roll the dice Because I refuse to play nice Is that perhaps because I know How simple things matter Like a plate and some rice? Is that why I’m made of equal parts Fire and stone cold ice? I have seen the Devil once, you know He tried to strengthen and grow”
“I screamed until all of it became clear They wouldn’t stand in my path Because they carried strong fear That I could cause them wrath And destroy what they held dear So they moved out of my way And I smiled a wide open grin Because it was the start of a new day Where good would beat evil and sin”
“the more that they sought to bring me down the more i fought to rise above gaining tremendous will power and drive i have never felt more alive sometimes the events that scare us remind us of what is important life has become my favorite drink because every moment has a link”
“iconic women travel the world charming others with their beauty their distinct personality leaves a mark on everyone who is around because a warm and genuine smile has a special kind of style”
“As with all daring and successful men the tricks and devices of his subconscious nature were much more formidable than his rational schemes; and so by a sort of automatic protective instinct he kept them subconscious.”
“One glance brought you to your knees It was like a trip on a rocket to the moon She threw away fear’s locks and keys By playing to the magic of her own tune”
“The iron lady took you on a wild ride Filled with courage, ambition, and passion Her inner compass served as her guide So being classy became a timeless fashion “The Iron Lady” is dedicated to the 50,000 Bosniak women that were raped during the Bosnian Genocide. A special thank you to Bosnian activists Nusreta Sivac and Bakira Hasečić for inspiring me to be a fierce feminist.”
“A queen of a magnificent type An angel from a mysterious time The iron lady escaped all the hype She made every moment her prime”
“Love gives us the motivation to keep moving forward. It sheds light on the darkness of trauma so that triumph can prevail. I firmly believe that creativity and its inherent beauty would help change the world for the better if more countries, cultures, and people embraced this sort of mentality. There is a profound richness of experience that is shared within having a sense of community. It unifies the human condition by emphasizing pleasure’s treasure!”
“Deep and clear ideas Have a way of coming true They sense every single clue I always seek to discover Options and their subtle borders I know their kind never accepts orders”
“We cannot be in the present if we are still clinging to our past.”
“Live every day your way, and wear your blessings well. In Jesus name, amen.”
“Every story has a story. And always more important than a story itself, is the reason behind why it was told.”
“Why be human when you can be a god?”
“Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.”
“Rise higher when you fall  be confident to face it all  and focus on making the impossible possible!”
“Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be…”
“Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.”
“Sometimes you gotta lose a few people to succeed.”
“Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life ”
“Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.”
“Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing ”
“Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself…”
“Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself ”
“Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life…”
“Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent ”
“Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!”
“Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!”
“Do not compare yourself with others as you are greater than you think you are ”
“To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!”
“Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.”
“Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel ”
“Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.”
“Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life…”
“We must accept our current circumstances before we can change them.”
“By changing ourselves, we change our lives.”
“Life is moving much too fast. I think I can’t catch up with it. A little bird flew out of nowhere and sat calmly on my shoulder. No worries, I’m not afraid of being left out now. I’ll never chase life. Instead, I’ll try to see, understand and enjoy life as much as I can. Little bird, you opened my eyes.”
“The strongest of all psychic forces in the world is unsatisfied desire.”
“Just as learning has no end, so does growth.”
“It's okay to step back, take a break, stay away from the maddening crowd. Figure out what you want in life. Never too late to start again. Regroup and return stronger. It's not a sign of weakness.”
“I am glad I have never experienced writer's block. Once I start, I can't stop. I won't even try to start, until I am motivated enough. Music always helps. I have a soundtrack for every book I've written. At least, one song per chapter.”
“Our lives are entirely the result of our efforts.”
“There is always a law of connection; we just have to be observant and tune into it.”
“My mother personally knew Nusreta Sivac, who was held, tortured, and raped at the camp for two months. I admire Nusreta’s extraordinary courage and fortitude in enduring the horror of genocide and speaking boldly about her experiences. She is a champion for women’s rights and a hero of the Bosnian people. She motivated and vehemently advocated for justice by persuading other Bosniak rape victims to come forward and take legal action against their perpetrators. Thanks to Nusreta’s efforts, rape in the context of war is categorized as a war crime under international law. She was instrumental in helping convict her rapist and bringing him to justice. She was continually raped for two months in captivity. Sivac also spent years collecting evidence and testimonies from rape survivors and constructing legal cases which were presented to the ICTY. For centuries, rape was considered a byproduct of war. Are women just considered spoils of war? Her contributions are a powerful achievement because they mark the first time in history that an international court convicted war crimes solely for sexual violence. I applaud Nusreta for being a pioneer.”
“Dream it, to achieve it! because dreams will turn into reality only if you start working on them!”
“Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!”
“There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart ”
“The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all ”
“Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.”
“Every step a beginner takes leads him to be an expert someday!”
“Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.”
“Hard work will only pay off when you actually start working hard!”
“Focus on goals, take small steps, keep your targets in mind & never give up coz there is no shortcut to success!”
“Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more ”
“Passion comes naturally when you like what you do, but confidence builds only once you believe that you are the best at what you love.”
“You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!”
“Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow…”
“Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.”
“The blessing of the day is to wake up and start working on your goals as planned.”
“Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality ”
“Mentally prepare for what you have been striving for and work on it step by step to make your dream a reality ”
“Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be ”
“The purpose of life is to lift up yourself, motivating yourself, and stay optimistic all the time; to be who you really are!”
“Don’t stop yourself to follow your dreams, continue following your dreams, and be someone whom you never expected to be ”
“Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success ”
“Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy ”
“Choose the right career path and with passion continue working on it ”
“The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be…”
“Be confident in your own skin and face your insecurities with pride.”
“Self-belief is the key to define the future, make your own path, and reach the destination of your life ”
“Courage can gift you with immense opportunities; you just need to try and take a leap of faith ”
“Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough ”
“Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.”
“Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life ”
“Tell your heart to keep beating and stand strong, and eventually you will bounce back to see colour in the world.”
“Just as life has no quick fix; transformation lacks a flick-switch approach as well. Investing in a better version of yourself will take time but pay you rich dividends as well.”
“You cannot restore and heal in the same environment that made you ill.”
“If a mere mortal like me can turn every predicament of life into a testimony of courage; then you can tap into the same power. All you have to do is find that flame and fan it to burn brighter than the force that tries to smother it.”
“Trust your scars to find who they need to heal. Understand that people will leave your life and make allowance for it, no matter how unwilling you are to let them go.”
“Life finds a way when love finds a way, and love finds a way when the human makes a way.”
“If you plant love and kindness, you will reap what you sow.”
“within you there is a power you haven’t tapped into yet. Within you is a potential you haven’t even scratched the surface of. But aren’t you sick of living in your potential and not living out your potential?”
“So yes, come as you are, but be prepared that you aren’t going to stay here. Transformation is coming. And it’s coming because it’s necessary.”
“What I didn’t realize then was that an upgraded version of my life would require an upgraded version of me.”
“People are born from the womb of the world with different sensitivities, and the world needs every single one of you to experience it fully, so that it might be fully experienced.”
“Nothing is permanent in this material world. All that you smell, hear, touch, see, and taste are outcomes of Prakriti and they are transitory - 'One moment here, the next moment it is gone.”
“Once you feel accomplished doing the inside work, the outside work will start to become easier, like second nature, because now you have mastered how to use your internal feelings to fuel your physical world.”
“All inanimate objects, things, and living bodies in this universe go through the cycle of inception, maintenance, and dissolution.”
“Leaders set direction, build and inspiring vision where they want to go, and create a path for others to follow.”
“JULY - Joy Unlimited Locate You”
“If you heal the brain, you heal the pain.”
“Living is a burden without the sweet life of love.”
“Thou must gather thine own sunshine.”
“Life is a journey , a yearning for love.”
“Recognizing Your Strengths The strengths you have inside your core. All the strengths represent the self in the world. The values you stand behind the virtues of living a fruitful life. Your values leading the path for you to be recognized by the deeds you do. The internal strengths that shine within you. The kindness you have, help bonding the world. The love you spread, nurtures the world. The forgiveness you have, begin the healing in the world. The humility inside you, representing you bringing out the best of you. The fairness you treat the world, you are showing a leader in the world. The love of learning you practice doing, you are bringing light in the world. The spirituality you practice, peace will follow. The talents you have matter in this world. Artistic gift of yours brings a colorful world. Literate gift of yours inspires the world. Engineering gift of yours advance the world. Athletic gift of yours impresses the world. All the strengths you have mean everything to us all. Recognizing your strengths a beginning of all. Working hard in nurturing your strengths you are helping us all. One day we all can ripe your fruit feeding us all.”
“Cherish Life Life is a living opportunity, For you and for me. A chance to make things better, For you and for me. When there is life there is a way, The way for you and for me, To find the right pathway. To make things the right way. Life is nature. It needs to be nurtured, By you and by me, For life is a living opportunity.”
“You Can Make the Call for You You can make the call for you to create peace in you, guiding you to a safe road, away from the destruction, the people who hurt you, away from distraction, the voice that put you down. Staying in the pathway to allow you to grow, where there is nourishment, surrounding by people who welcome you with kindness. Where there is light, enlightening you with knowledge. Where is safe to be, your wellbeing matters to those around you. Walking on a solid ground, supporting you in your walk of life. If you happen to fall, you can get up. Where still a clear path for you to walk all over again. Following your call to walk in the right path, where is suitable to live a life you can make it better, that you find peace living in.”
“I Like the Way You Are Getting up in the morning attending to your personal care because you care for yourself. You approach your day with perspectives because you are thoughtful. You have feelings as what people say to you or don’t say to you. You have moments of emotional expressions because you care about what is happening. You want to cry because you care deeply with your heart. You know you need help because you are able to recognize your needs. You want help because you want to improve yourself. You are looking for help because you are strong. You offer help because you are considerate of others. You are physically strong because you maintain yourself healthy and strong. You exercise your talents and skills because you want to contribute to the big picture. You should be proud of yourself for honoring yourself. I like the way you are.”
“Once you carry your water, you will learn the value of every drop.”
“जो भी काम करो उसीमें दिमाग और मन लगाओ। माने घासे छिलो तो साला ऐसा कि गोल्फ़ कोर्स का कॉन्ट्रैक्ट मिल जाए।”
“Life denotes the beginning of dying, and death denotes the origin of life.”
“ALWAYS REMEMBER , LOSERS ARE THOSE WHO GIVE UP AND THOSE WHO DON'T GIVE UP, THEY'LL NEVER LOSE..”
“ALWAYS REMEMBER , LOSERS ARE THOSE WHO GIVE UP AND THOSE WHO DON'T GIVE UP , THEY'LL NEVER LOSE .. Hindi translation - हारने वाले वह होते हैं जो हार मान लेते हैं और जो हार नहीं मानते वह कभी हारते नहीं।”
“What we want comes from our participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.”
“मान लीजिए जिसको शेयर बाजार के बारे में इतना बुझाएगा  उ बैठ के टीवी पर बताएगा कि खुद पैसा बनाएगा ?”
“You should motivate yourself, NOW!”
“I never much understood the point of the world of men. How they fed off each other. How they motivated themselves. I mean, I got the purpose, but I navigated that world the way an astronaut would an alien landscape. Trying not to breathe the same air. Which was impossible, of course.”
“Just because it didn’t work doesn’t mean it was the wrong choice. The world is full of probabilities, not certainties. Find a game where the probabilities favor you and keep taking shots.”
“If you know where you want to go in life, people tend to help or get out of the way. Both of those are useful.”
“भ्रम टूटते रहने चाहिए। विध्वंस नहीं होगा तो नया निर्माण कैसे होगा?”
“सोचिए तो.. कुछ भी तो नहीं. और सोचिए तो.. इतना कि सोचते ही रह जाइए.”
“प्रेम… एक पुवाल की आग की तरह और दूसरा गोईंठे की आग की तरह। जितनी एक की मियाद होती है, दूसरे का तो उतने समय के बाद अंकुर ही फूटता है। तुम्हें कैसे समझाऊँ पर ऐसा है कि एक पुवाल की आग है। भभक कर जलता है। एकदम आसानी से। उसके बाद कुछ नहीं बचता–राख भी नहीं। दूसरा गोईंठा की आग है। देर से जलता है। धुआँ होता है। धीरे-धीरे सुलगता है पर आग ऐसी जो रात भर रह जाती है।”
“देखने में जेतना अईसा आदमी होता है न, टेंसन ना लेने वाला, उसका अंदर से ओतना ही खेला साफ़ होता है!”
“दुनिया में दूसरे को मार देने वाले से लेकर दूसरे के लिए ख़ुद मर जाने वाले दोनों ही चरम के लोग हैं। तो दुनिया का क्या टेन्शन लेना? वो शायद बनी ही है ऐसी होने के लिए। फिर ﻿बुरे लोग होंगे ही नहीं तो जो अच्छा है उसका वैल्यूए ख़त्म नहीं हो जाएगा? दिन-रात न होकर हमेशा अँजोरे (उजाला ही) रहे तो उसका क्या भैल्यू बचेगा?”
“समझदार हैं इसीलिए तो उलझ गए। इंटेलेक्चुअल लोगों के ही प्यार का विध्वंस होता है। जो समझने की चीज़ ही नहीं उसे समझने का भ्रम। जिन्हें ये भ्रम हो उनके साथ ऐसा ही तो होगा।”
“ऐसा है कि ध्यान देना चाहिए भैल्यू पर और अरमान होना चाहिए फक्कड़-निराला का। [ ] लेकिन यहाँ है उलटा। आदमी का अरमान होता है आसमान पर आ गुण में गुड़-गोबर।”
“यहाँ कभी कृष्ण आए थे, जरासंध का अखाड़ा देखे हम लोग, बुद्ध और महावीर भी। सब आकर चले गए। आ आज का जो मगध है आप देखिए रहे हैं। हिहें नालंदा भी था। क्या कीजिएगा। जब वो लोग इसे हमेशा के लिए स्वर्ग नहीं बना पाए तो हम लोग का उखाड़ लेंगे। जब नेतवन सब कहता है कि पाँच साल में बिहार को ये बना देंगे वो बना देंगे तो हम यही सोचते हैं।”
“ई सब सोच के थोड़े होता है। बस हो जाता है। प्रेम में भावनाएं और तर्क तेल और पानी की तरह होते हैं। वो आपस में घुल तो सकते नहीं। चाहे केतनों फेंट लीजिये।”
“ये पटना शहर गंगा जी जैसा है। सबका पाप धो लेता है। सबको समाहित कर लेता है अपने अंदर। कभी बरसात में पटना में गंगा किनारे जाइए। सब जलमग्न दीखता है - क्षितिज तक। घोर मटमैला। लगता है प्रलय आ गया। आ उसी में घोराए हुए पानी में बीच-बीच में बहता हुआ दीख जाता है- कभी छप्पर तो कभी कोई जीव। कहीं दूर दीख जाते हैं किसी बहते से टीले पर बैठे हुए कौवे। वो होती है किसी प्राणी की लाश। गंगा सब लिए जाती है। जो उसमें पड़ जाए। बिना शिकायत। वैसे ही है ये शहर। उसके बाद उसी से उपजाऊ भी तो बनता है ये पूरा बेल्ट। आप को नरक भी मिलेगा लेकिन सब एक साथ देखेंगे तो सर झुका कर प्रणाम कर लेंगे। जब शांत हो तब इधर डुबकी लगाइए।”
“…दुनिया के दो अनजान कोनों के अजनबी भी कैसी अर्थहीन बातों से जुड़ते चले जाते हैं और कभी-कभी सब कुछ एक जैसा होते हुए भी लोग अजनबी ही बने रह जाते हैं। […] उन दोनो के पास बात करने का कोई मुद्दा नहीं होता और जब बात करते तो मुद्दों का कोई अंत भी नहीं होता। जब कुछ बात करने का मन होता तो एक-दूसरे से बात कर लेते और जब बात करने को कुछ भी नहीं होता तो भी एक-दूसरे से बात करने लगते तो बातें ख़त्म होने का नाम ही नहीं लेतीं।”
“कैलासनाथ मंदिर देख विस्मय इस बात का भी था कि ये जगह संसार की सबसे प्रसिद्ध जगह क्यों नहीं है? एक साथ तीन धर्म की गुफाएँ? मानों किसी युग में संसार के सबसे अच्छे विश्वविद्यालय की तीन उत्कृष्ट प्रयोगशालाएँ रही हों। सुख-दुःख, जीवन-मृत्यु, ब्रह्म, दर्शन, ज्ञान, कर्म, योग, वैशेषिक, सांख्य, वेदांत, अनेकांत, निर्वाण, संघ, शून्यवाद, अनंत - सब कुछ मथ कर सार तत्व निकाल देने वाली प्रयोगशालाएं। विचारों की। शास्त्रार्थ की। परम्परा जो इन अद्भुत मानवी कृति की तरह ही समय के साथ जंगल में कहीं खो गयी। वो कैसा युग रहा होगा! धर्म ऐसे ही तो होने चाहिए।”
“कुछ रिश्ते आपको वो बना देते हैं जो आप नहीं होते - अच्छे से अच्छा, बुरे से बुरा।”
“सब कुछ हो सकता है पर हम फिर से वो नहीं हो सकते जो दिल टूटने के पहले हुआ करते थे।”
“Your willpower is equal to your desire. Your actions are a reflection of your will.”
“As your action is, so is your destiny.”
“जो हुआ अच्छे के लिए ही हुआ …हमें वैसे दिखे न दिखे। कई बार हम उस छोटे से कीड़े की तरह होते हैं जिसे चबा लिए जाने के ठीक पहले हवा शेर के जबड़े से उड़ा कर निकाल दे और वो डिप्रेस हो जाये कि ये क्या हो गया! वहाँ तो हम कितने मजे में थे।”
“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.”
“Wake up to the transitory nature of things – this will free your mind.”
“When I see broken pieces of heart & soul words are wildly distributed in the society. I want to run, run faster. I want to hug my husband tightly. I want close my eyes. I want disappear in his body. I don’t want to leave him for a second. I’m scared to the outer world where there is lack of kindness. When he takes my face in his hands & look at my watery eyes, I realize the need of our life. Need to go outside for ourselves. Need to go outside to justify our investment in terms of education, time & mainly as human. His eyes say, we are the part of society, if we will get scared by the society, we’ll never meet the good factors in the society. We have to contribute our positive sides to society. If you know you are not that what you have faced, you better know who you are. Just start. Try to start. Give me your hand & step forward with smile & see who did it? Only you did it!”
“You can realize no significant change without changing your actions.”
“All of our thoughts, words, and deeds flow from a chain of 'cause and effect'.”
“How do you stop yourself from being your own worst critic? It’s simple. You achieve things. You fulfill your potential. In the end, you only regret the things you didn’t do. People’s lives are ruined by all the moping around they do, worrying about wasting their lives. Worrying about wasting your life is exactly how you waste your life. Instead of worrying, you should be doing stuff   CONSTANTLY, and then you will have constant achievements, constant things to be proud of, and no one else will have what you have.”
“If you can't be nice to other living things, don't harm them either.”
“You cannot win the battle of your enemy that you respect.”
“Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.”
“Happiness is not a path it is a destination.”
“Positivity keeps a person happy, it’s all about the VIBES!”
“Make your soul happy by doing simple things.”
“Surround yourself with people who bring mental peace and joy in your life.”
“BULLIES ARE AWFUL, FRIENDS ARE BETTER There will be people who will betray you. There will be people who will bully you. There will be people who will try to devour you. Find the people that bring you strength. Find the people who will give you courage. Find the people who will fill you with love. Because, they matter more than all the bullies in the world. You matter more. Bullies are awful, friends are better.”
“Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!”
“No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.”
“We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!”
“Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains ”
“Don’t give the key of consent to someone unworthy!”
“Value your ideology and believe in your self-esteem!”
“Achieving something in life brings great joy and happiness.”
“Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.”
“The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.”
“Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!”
“Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.”
“Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.”
“If you Seek you shall Find  Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.”
“Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.”
“You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.”
“Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!”
“Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!”
“Self-worth is another meaning of happiness to those who want to believe!”
“A bad memory can lead to sadness but a good memory will keep you happy, now you know what you wanna choose!”
“Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.”
“Connect your consciousness and bring out the joy and happiness from within ”
“Every single day of your life you do about a hundred things you have no interest doing. To get through the day. And it starts with getting up!”
“Who you are is defined by your deepest driving desire.”
“It is assignment that determines your attainment in life.”
“Being able to Read and Write is a massive Blessing Bestowed upon us, use it to help those who cannot!”
“Don't just aim for the Sky, look further into the stars and reach out to the Galaxy!”
“Don't be a mediocre standout and be a boss!”
“Envision yourself to be what you want!”
“Stay low grow slow, talk less do more!”
“Astuteness is consistently cautious, warning, ‘Be careful,’ whereas love says, ‘Goodness, don’t bother!’ ‘Dive in!”
“Comfort is the goal of the man with no vision.”
“The suffering of one man will sting us all. The happiness of one man makes everyone grin.”
“What’s a greater joy than to see the one you helped smile coz of you?”
“Being tired is better than being broke, so make sure you do your best and leave to God the rest!”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved.”
“Lift others with you and others will lift many more, soon when you look back at where you started you will be proud that you did!”
“Think every possible way to be an entrepreneur as the future to your success can be built by you alone!”
“An entrepreneur sees reward, not risk!”
“Be proud of the work you are skilled at because no task is small and no job isn’t enough, every seed sown is a blessing for each one of us.”
“Predicting the future isn’t what you should focus on, hard work is where your concentration should lie, your future will be built even if you don’t judge.”
“Courageous decisions make the best entrepreneurs, its all about when you decide to start!”
“Build an empire and make it a brand.”
“Secrecy is the best way to show people your results!”
“Don't worry about being slow, we all fasten up with Confidence!”
“Start from scratch grow with cash!”
“A well-planned day makes you a better focused entrepreneur with a greater vision.”
“Sell what others can't! Always remember  UNIQUENESS IS VALUED!”
“Plan your dream but focus on your goals!”
“The ultimate stimulation is being underestimated and then over exceeding expectations!”
“Connectivity is the key to grow your opportunities.”
“Deliver what others never expected and watch how you climb the ladder of success faster ”
“Become a legacy by building your own empire but don’t forget to thank everyone who was part of your success!”
“Start Now! but believe in Yourself, Take Baby Steps One Day, you’ll leave behind the Rest!”
“With your brain veritably defined by its dynamic neuroplasticity, the cage that holds you back is an illusion. Your brain potential is unlimited.”
“The people who would disrespect you without knowing you are not the kind of people whose respect means anything.”
“Immerse yourself in the world or the industry that you wish to master.”
“You deserve to create what’s in you to create.”
“it should be noted that an essential variable within the psychotherapeutic process is the client's motivation or willingness to change. If this element is missing, it is difficult or impossible to make any progress, as most mental health professionals will attest. This requires that the client take responsibility for his or her behavior and choices, and exert effort to make the necessary changes.”
“The rhythm of moving through the mountains has a way of wearing away the rough edges of the ego.”
“Pain is growth.”
“The exact time, location, and manner of death are known only by Allah (سبحانه وتعالى); this is part of the unseen. The wisdom of this is that the human will be encouraged to constantly be in a state of preparation for death, knowing that it might occur at any moment.”
“Fear in its role as a protector is good when you have someone waiting at home and you don't want their lives disrupted because of your own adventurous spirit ..”
“Nature makes no distinction between creating and destroying life.”
“The cyclone ends. The sun returns; the lofty coconut trees lift up their plumes again; man does likewise. The great anguish is over; joy has returned; the sea smiles like a child.”
“Nothing in life is a problem, everything is a possibility”
“Human imagination is the seat of discrimination. It has two choices: to imagine a world without fear or imagine a world with amplified fear.”
“”
“Love is eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence.”
“Life is a journey a yearning for love.”
“The goal of life is perfection; every incident, no matter how minor or significant, and every adversity we face are all part of a divine plan that will all work out in the end.”
“Death is the greatest fear of all living things, even though we all know it is the ultimate truth.”
“Fear of death transforms all living organisms into predators or prey in the food cycle.”
“The predator's dread of scarcity haunts it while it hunts for food, and the victim's fear of predation haunts her as she tries to escape being hunted.”
“In my world, women’s motivation change.”
“The “Me” comprises the mind and the body. Property, knowledge, and relationships are all part of “mine.” “Not mine” refers to everything else in the world over which one has no control.”
“It is never too late to ask yourself, ‘Am I ready to make a life change?’ Is it possible for me to change from within?”
“I find it terrifying how so many people are prepared to spend so much on motivation and inspiration, yet spend so little on education and information.”
“And I start to wonder if I will every manage to find something worth living for, admit all of these billions of billions of stars that shine down on me at this very moment. And what if I don't manage that? Do not find something to live for? Will I have to settle with giving up my dreams? So, in light of this, where is my speck of hope that will motive me to carry on after this monumental and life changing trip? Lost somewhere between the stars? Or maybe buried deep down within me, motivating me to keep carry on and doing my best, at whatever life throws at me?”
“One should be revitalized and reborn at every beat and with each new breath.”
“Everything that you look at, even the things you like, or the people that you disdain or abhor, exists in you to varying degrees.”
“We have also learned that we're much more driven by all kinds of intangible, emotional forces: the need to be recognized and to feel ownership; to feel a sense of accomplishment; to find the security of a long-term commitment and a sense of shared purpose. We want to feel as if our labor and lives matter in some way, even after death.”
“Acumen binds individuals in tangles and danger, but love breaks all boundaries and dangers.”
“Your creative outflows do not define, determine, or justify your value or significance; they simply reveal that it’s already there!”
“Everyone has bad habits. It is your good habits that build you.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my dreams and goals. I have zero tolerance for doubt.”
“I am more than the moments that locked my essence in trauma. Using every ounce of pain, never forgetting my worth, moving away from the drama.”
“Self-awareness— understanding our own motivations, our strengths and challenges—is the key to getting ready to mentor.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my goals. Therefore I have zero tolerance for doubt. If you doubt me you will not have access to me. If I doubt myself I promise to recognize it and shut it down immediately until the doubt is no longer a part of my life.”
“In a world of shallowness and narcissism motivation is yet another commodity that can be gift-wrapped and sold to all those suckers who are just begging to be ripped off.”
“If you are not curious about the world around you I suggest you get curious. Without curiosity, you are the living dead.”
“We played the main role in the doing of some things we didn’t do, by saying they couldn’t or wouldn’t be done.”
“Never allow a struggle to turn your sky into a ceiling. You must believe there's always a way.”
“Life crashes like waves against the shore of my heart. Your love has become the safe harbor from which my soul can never depart”
“But I need you all, my dear students, to speak beauty more than figures, speak phrases of encouragement more than precise mathematical statistics, speak words of innovation more than historical events and you should speak with your soul rather than just for the sake. What good is it to be famous, if you can’t speak well? So, by the end of this year, we shall have many motivational speakers, and all of us will live a motivated life. Speaking is an art, and everyone cannot become an artist. But give in your heart and soul, and nothing is impossible.”
“If you have a dream, don't let it go unfulfilled. Gather the courage to believe in your ability to succeed, and make the necessary plans to make it a reality." – Shree Shambav”
“As I stood there watching the mists softly rise, I wondered what vista could be more beautiful than this. The dense mist obscured visibility at times. The wind howled and roared as it swept through." - Shree Shambav”
“Mother's love is bliss, peace, and a gift or blessing that every child receives. If one loses her, the very essence of life; is taken away from him or her. Mother is an inspiration, a leader, a friend, a philosopher, and a symbol of compassion, kindness, and bravery. We are so grateful and blessed to have a mother like Angel. We haven't seen an angel, but we do live with one. We are too small to express our gratitude, so all we can say is thank you for your efforts. Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there. -Shree Shambav”
“Happiness cannot be the goal because you already have it”
“You can do everything, this is not useful for you. if you don't believe it”
“If you want to know the power of an idea just know, that it can change your whole life”
“The biggest problem is thinking about the problem and thinking about the solution the greatest solution”
“She needed the stimulus of an occupation which would take her out of herself.”
“Let "them" sleep on you. Just make sure YOU never do. You are your own muse.”
“A perfect traveller who, as it flows, overcomes all obstacles. It cuts through the rock, flows through the meadows, crosses the dense forest, clears all the dirt in its path, and sets off on its own wonderful adventure.”
“#shreeshambav Plant the seeds of love, kindness, empathy, and compassion, and they will return to you in abundance, according to nature's law. -Shree Shambav”
“#shreeshambav "I went for a walk - through the woods and fields, the coastline and rivers, the mountains and sea, and the earth and sky. I realised that life is full of beauty after seeing the flying bees, the fragrance of flowers, and the smell of rain, the soft touch of the wind, the roaring waves, and the flashing stars." - Shree Shambav”
“We came from the earth, we return to the dirt, and we bloom, fade, and wilt in between.”
“Trees provide inspiration, roots provide drive, and leaves provides perpetual change.”
“Every flower represents a soul that is blooming with beauty and innocence.”
“Maya or illusion always overpowers the soul. Does it mean that Maya is mightier?”
“We do not have to renounce what we have; we have to forsake what we do not have. - Shree Shambav.”
“In this life cycle, one must willingly carry out one's responsibilities by serving living beings while appreciating the beauty of life.”
“You'll never get from where you are to where you want to be if you keep your focus on the fact that you are not there yet. See it the way you desire and feel it ‛‛as if’’ it is happening.”
“Go so fast you leave fear behind”
“I am only uncomfortable when I find myself comfortable. I literally hate comfort. It is where all dreams go to die.”
“English: "Each of us has a meaning, because our decisions influence others through the world." Česky: „Každý máme smysl, protože naše rozhodnutí skrze svět ovlivňují ostatní.”
“Overthinking is the greatest thief of our dreams.”
“You can climb the mountain with courage of concentration.”
“Tidak ada orang yang lahir di dunia tanpa alasan, tidak ada orang yang lahir dan tidak bisa mewujudkan setidaknya satu hal, apapun itu.”
“Before your dreams can come true, you gotta be willing to work your heart out to achieve it. You should be able to take risks. Be courageous enough to face failure and most importantly always have faith in yourself no matter what. One day you'll surely succeed.”
“The Cause that caused Fear need not appear again. Therefore not fear about Fear”
“True behavior change is identity change. You might start a habit because of motivation, but the only reason you'll stick with one is that it becomes part of your identity.”
“The mystery of life is in this moment.”
“To pray to seek to be in God's presence.”
“We aren’t workin’ the ship for money, or because a government drafted us. We’re here because we want to be. That’s all you’ve got over us. We believe in the cause, and we want to be part of what you’re doing. The minute we lose that, we might as well take a real payin’ job.”
“A man on fire is a man of faith.”
“There is no learning without study.”
“Eita. Olha essa fera, bicho! Brincadeira! Quem sabe faz ao vivo e se vira nos trinta. Mais do que nunca, uma fera tanto no pessoal quanto no profissional. Errou. Esta pegando fogo bicho!”
“Little things don't make perfection but perfection is made out of little things.”
“No matter what happens to you, pray for strength to hold on.”
“The Japanese do not need grandiose motivational frameworks to keep going, but rely more on the little rituals in their daily routines.”
“Experience teaches you what you ought to know, which you don't know.”
“For a few seconds, a thought creeps in. He could pull his GPS and end it. He could hit that button, and they would come to find him within an hour. That's the easy way out. While looking down, a tattoo slips out from under his sleeve. Not Done.”
“For a few seconds, a thought creeps in. He could pull out his GPS and end it. He could hit that button, and they would come to find him within an hour. That's the easy way out. While looking down, a tattoo slips out from under his sleeve. Not Done.”
“If you can't help your self, God can help you, if you call on him, so that eventually you be able to do what must be done.”
“In the time I spent re-reading my throwaway novel, I knew that I had to put myself out there. I needed to have my own inner spark of light if I was going to have a future with Kristi. I didn’t want to work in an office anymore. I needed to work for myself, but that is a difficult step. The journey of writing a novel starts with writing the first word. You can’t have a ending without a beginning, but beginnings are always the hardest part. Too often we let the struggle in the middle overwhelm us and we start over.”
“Pikiran yang kusut nggak bakalan jadi jernih kalau nggak diatasi sama pikiran juga.”
“Sehingga kata cukup menjadi seperti mantra. Sebagai kata kunci untuk memasuki pintu rahasia kebahagiaan. Wilayah cukup. Wilayah bersyukur. Wilayah berbagi. Wilayah bebas ego. Wilayah bahagia yang masih bisa dicapai oleh manusia. Tapi hanya sedikit saja orang yang mau memasukinya.”
“HOME is where we want to be”
“Work hard enough and your dreams will become memories.”
“When the world shakes you up, stay grounded; and when the world tries to ground you, shake the world up!”
“Time is a human invention, You can slow down or you can speed it up.”
“I don’t get burnout or need work/life balance because I am living the out the life I dreamed. I am never tired, bored, or lost. This comes from being very specific about what you want and writing it down every day. I can work extremely long hours day after day and all I want to do is work more, because it is after all, exactly what I want.”
“We can only aspire to become unshakable when we take ownership for our state of mind and how we feel about situations life hands out to us”
“It shocked me to see Mrs.Phelps cry. Maybe they're right, maybe it's best not to face things, to run have fun. I don't know. I feel guilty—" "No, you mustn't! If there were no war, if there was peace in the world, I'd say fine, have fun! But, Montag, you mustn't go back to being just a fireman. All isn't well with the world.”
“Be proud and stand tall; Ain't no one living your life.”
“Remain patient in your ways, for with The Universe, there are no delays and your rewards will do nothing but amaze.”
“Maintain your self-confidence and let your inner light shine bright, proving all your inner might and elevating you to a greater height of which you have the right.”
“You are worthy of the success you desire and will make your dreams come true, ignite your fire and prepare for your breakthrough.”
“Continue going after your dreams because you deserve them; life has many incredible experiences ahead of you. Today's obstacles are tomorrow's victories, and tomorrow's breakthroughs are today's possibilities.”
“Give more time to your loved ones; the best things in life are free, and loved ones are the greatest gift you get without a fee.”
“Embrace integrity and live your life honestly; always knowing who you are and in the dark nights being the star whose light spreads afar.”
“Stay diligent in your ways; anything you seek with diligence you shall find, and none of your requests to The Universe shall be declined; may take time, but that's because your blessings will be one of a kind.”
“Life will treat you the same way you treat others; you do yourself a favour by treating others as your sisters, fathers, mothers and brothers.”
“You help yourself when helping another; continue to serve; you shall soon receive the glory you deserve, and all your blessings, which have been in reserve.”
“Once you start being productive, dopamine is released in the striatum and parts of the prefrontal cortex. Suddenly you’ll have more energy and motivation to do the thing you really need to do.”
“A concept appears peculiar, much like an unsolved Rubik's cube, until it is propelled by imagination and knowledge, which catalyses its transition into an invention.”
“This trying time did take a toll on my mental bearing. I turned to classical music for the healing touch and to recoup. There were days when I would wake up in the wee hours and start practising vocal music vigorously. I never bothered if I sounded great or not; the very exercise gave me tremendous amounts of mental calmness ”
“Whatever lay on the other side was unknown but staying in the same place would get her nowhere”
“You are blessed beyond measure and sharing your blessings brings everlasting pleasure.”
“. Many great things await you in the future, and with your wisdom life will be a game you skillfully manoeuvre.”
“Keep following your intuition and never forget that you are not doing this alone, you are constantly guided and all your needs will be constantly provided.”
“Accept your greatness; you have tremendous things to achieve that will leave you gracious.”
“Allow love to rule your life. Welcome more love into your relationships, your dealings with others and your sense of identity, which will shower you in unexplainable peace and serenity.”
“Divine assistance is working in your life right now, even if you don't see it. Your heart's desires are currently manifesting, compensating the time and effort you've been investing.”
“Trust your gut feelings and go for what feels right to you, which will always be the most rewarding journey to pursue.”
“You are a gift to humanity and meant to be shared with the world, dim your light; no more, and allow your wings to soar.”
“stay focused on your desires, knowing that you will make it happen so long as you never give up; victory shall be your cup.”
“Have a clear vision as to where you are heading in life. Things might not go to plan, but as long as you stick to the plan one day, you will cherish the day you began.”
“You are loved beyond your imagining and always protected and never neglected. Ask for all you need and just believe, what is yours is yours and will never leave, soon enough you must receive.”
“You are on the right path; harmony will encompass your life, bringing healing and turning your life into one you find appealing, leaving you in a delightful feeling, attracting even more abundance to which there is no ceiling.”
“I know me God and I know you see my heart I ain't afraid, nothing will tear us apart”
“Just be good. Baby you are a queen. Give wisdom a chance to be seen.”
“Life is never meant to follow a singular path.”
“There is nothing I fear as much as idleness - unemployment - inertia - lethargy of the faculties - when the body is idle, the spirit suffers cruelly”
“Finish every day and be done with it. For manners and for wise living it is a vice to remember. You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it well and serenely, and with too high a spirit to be cumbered with your old nonsense. This day for all that is good and fair. It is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the rotten yesterdays.”
“you do not need the sky to fly, you need wings to fly ~ Zoya”
“Celebrate your now on the way to your next.”
“On the other side of fear is everything you've ever desired!”
“Society teaches us to fall in line and be grateful even in times of injustice. It'll feel almost alien when you start speaking up but standing up for yourself is always the right thing to do.”
“If death should come over me, just know that I am happy to be free”
“Great writers and my mom never used food as an object. Instead it was a medium, a catalyst to mend hearts, to break down barriers, to build relationships. Mom's cooking fed body and soul. She used to quip, "If the food is good, there's no need to talk about the weather." That was my mantra for years---food as meal and conversation, a total experience. I leaned my forehead against the glass and thought again about Emma and the arrowroot. Mom had highlighted it in my sophomore English class. "Jane Fairfax knew it was given with a selfish heart. Emma didn't care about Jane, she just wanted to appear benevolent." "That girl was stupid. She was poor and should've accepted the gift." The football team had hooted for their spokesman. "That girl's name was Jane Fairfax, and motivation always matters." Mom's glare seared them. I tried to remember the rest of the lesson, but couldn't. I think she assigned a paper, and the football team stopped chuckling. Another memory flashed before my eyes. It was from that same spring; Mom was baking a cake to take to a neighbor who'd had a knee replacement. "We don't have enough chocolate." I shut the cabinet door. "We're making an orange cake, not chocolate." "Chocolate is so much better." "Then we're lucky it's not for you. Mrs. Conner is sad and she hurts and it's spring. The orange cake will not only show we care, it'll bring sunshine and spring to her dinner tonight. She needs that." "It's just a cake." "It's never just a cake, Lizzy." I remembered the end of that lesson: I rolled my eyes----Mom loathed that----and received dish duty. But it turned out okay; the batter was excellent. I shoved the movie reel of scenes from my head. They didn't fit in my world. Food was the object. Arrowroot was arrowroot. Cake was cake. And if it was made with artisan dark chocolate and vanilla harvested by unicorns, all the better. People would crave it, order it, and pay for it. Food wasn't a metaphor---it was the commodity---and to couch it in other terms was fatuous. The one who prepared it best won.”
“What I wrote in my books remains a theory only, and what you think about it — either you agree or not with that —, a personal opinion, until you apply everything, changing your life, your personality, your mind and your heart, beyond your expectations and my imagination of the possibilities. You will then be confronted with a world of people that can't believe their own eyes, and that's what makes you one with me and one with my teachings. Ultimately and basically, you are simply living more, but the effects of this result are indeed extraordinary because you were denied this truth. Most people will die without ever finding it, even as they read these words, and you can't make them see because their spirit was not called for this path. They have been tested and have failed, and that's their greatest secret, which they confuse with the unknown of the world.”
“Hurry kills you and you don’t even realise that hurry is a threat to your spiritual well-being and spiritual life. How can you think reasonably during a crisis especially when lives are being threatened?”
“Not one life reaches its potential until it is determined, dedicated, and disciplined.”
“The capacity to deny oneself gratification cannot be confused with the denial of gratification imposed on us. The masses do not know the difference and therefore never cultivate a will of their own. They are subject to the pressures of the outside world, its punishments and validations. They confuse their own needs with what others tell them to need, and their personality is nullified in the process. That's what it means to be a sheep. And yet this is not as obvious as it seems. It may mean to work from home in a warm country while your neighbors party in the swimming pool. It also means having an entire beach to yourself while they are at work. Both situations demand that you question your sanity and challenge your character as a person. The masses will never do that. They are too weak.”
“Sometimes courage is a quiet fight, a dim softness within you, that flickers even on your darkest days and reminds you that you are strong, that you are growing, that there is hope.”
“Happiness becomes untethered to income, because once we can meet our basic needs, the lure of all the stuff it took to meet them, begins to lose its luster. Once extrinsic drivers start to fade, intrinsic drivers take over.”
“Identify reasons to be great instead of excuses to be mediocre.”
“Learn to learn. The way I see it, it's much more important to be a good learner, than to know it all.”
“Fill your life with experiences, not things. Have stories to tell, not stuff to show. Write to express not to impress.”
“A.D.A.P.T. — Always Do All Possible Things.”
“Success can't exist unless you have execution. Your work should show progress.”
“Common sense is more important than rights.”
“Your entire life happens inside your body. It's the one home you will always occupy and can never sell. But you can renovate it. If you can only pick one habit to build, exercise might be the one. Everything is downstream from how your body is functioning.”
“When you get too free, they kill you because you are getting too close to the truth. (Remember and never forget, The Gun Line BOSS) in my Eddie Murphy voice”
“I am headed to create classical moments, so that my son can have classic memories.”
“If you have no helper, remember there is a God who can help you.”
“A true hero expects no reward.”
“What is often required Is just a little courage To actually walk the road! Dead ends will always be there, But within you lights a lamp Which shall make you push and shove All the endings, Transforming them Into new beginnings!”
“Some opportunities take time. Don't give up. Be patient, stay positive and watch them unfold. The best feeling in the world is getting paid to do what you love!”
“One of its primary roles is in motivation and reward. You probably know of dopamine because of its reputation as the brain’s pleasure juice. When you feel pleasure, you are getting squirted on by dopamine.”
“A great way to open the dopamine floodgate is to watch and listen to inspirational stuff about the activity you are prone to quitting at. Unlike meme-turds, videos are a more immersive sensory experience, and virtually all capitalize on the dopaminergic power of music. Music has the ability to not just arouse pleasurable feelings but also increase craving or wanting—two critical elements of sports motivation.”
“If wisdom is related to age, human wisdom is insignificant in the cosmic setup. Our universe is 13.8 billion years old.”
“Drama free workplace and ego free team mates are crucial for a healthier workplace”
“Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice – now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! You aren’t a child anymore. The sooner you set yourself to your spiritual program, the happier you will be. The longer you wait, the more you’ll be vulnerable to mediocrity and feel filled with shame and regret, because you know you are capable of better. From this instant on, vow to stop disappointing yourself. Separate yourself from the mob. Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now.”
“Until knowledge becomes part of you, it is not possible to talk about awareness, or true understanding. Everything must come from and into an organism. Theories are only valid when made organic — ”organic” as in "part of the body". The knowledge that has to be learned and followed like a discipline is useless. It doesn't matter which amount of knowledge you absorb or in which variety. Knowledge can’t be remembered all the time in the same proportion that is kept, not all of it, and not all of it at the same time. As a matter of fact, when knowledge is not assimilated above personal interests, that same knowledge is already corrupted. When knowledge is seen as a means to a goal, either it is in obtaining something from the outside world, or passing some test, this knowledge has not become organic but merely used as a tool. That's why so many people avoid being confronted with their ignorance and react angrily when faced with their contradictions, which is quite obvious when we compare what they learn and what they say. You see this everywhere, in teachers, politicians, religious groups, and so on. And then you wonder why are people not honest. But they can’t understand honesty as much as they can’t understand their own ignorance. The stupid are not aware they are stupid, and that’s what really makes them stupid. When someone is too stupid, ignorance is replaced by arrogance. And then this person feels like the world is a bit threat to survival at an individual level. We call this attitude being egotistic. But you can’t stop being an egotistic when suppressing your emotions, or imagining that everyone is a source of negative energy but you. As a matter of fact, you commonly see the egotistic drop into apathy precisely because they confuse the work they must do on themselves with the anger they feel for the world as a whole. Have you ever noticed how easily people turn to anger when you ask them a question? That’s a reaction of someone moving from apathy to fear. On the surface this person is acting like a rude individual, but the emotions behind this behavior are those one feels when watching a horror movie. They are afraid of their own feelings, and project this fear as an aggression. Now comes the interesting part: Who are they attacking? They are attacking precisely the one that can help them, because only such individual will ask the right questions. An individual on apathy and lack of interest, can’t ask anything that is interesting or motivating. So we come to an interesting paradox in society, that those who can uplift others, end up being perceived as a threat to them. And that’s the simplest way to explain insanity.”
“There are people who merely see what is. And there are people who look beyond what is. There are those who swim in the stream of history. And there are those who shape it.”
“Everybody in this world has something they need from it. We all have a shadow side, a kink in our personalities, a hunger that leaves us starving, whether we realize it or not.”
“If you want to see changes in our world, become an agent of change by taking the first step.”
“The fastest way to get to easy is through hard.”
“How do you validate ideas whose links to the past do not exist?”
“Coffee beans and water come together to create aroma. Brewing great ideas too needs minds with a different perspective to come together.”
“The treasure is hidden in diversity.”
“Between the walls of the known and unknown, there live the beliefs.”
“During your lifetime, you should work on at least one such dream project that is worth sacrificing every single comfort you earn or deserve to enjoy.”
“Everything we know today was unknown yesterday, and everything unknown today will be known tomorrow. We know so much, yet so much is unknown.”
“Humans will never reach a stage where they know everything.”
“If you have a dream, make sure to write it down to see daily in front of you. More you see to it, more you visualize your future to achieve it”
“Everyone gets few chances in their lifetime to mess up their life. Sorted heads cruise through those muddy patches unaffected.”
“If the earth is a hotel, our life is just about the time we spend in a hotel between check-in and check-out.”
“Your team are people, your customers are people. If you want to lead, you have to love people.”
“The emergence of success and recognition is hidden in years of hard working and pain submerged in obscurity; life is not designed to support overnight success.”
“Defeat is ninety five percent the condition and attitude of the heart and not the result of the struggle. We are defeated before we even put up the fight, that's why psychological warfare works!”
“If every moment is a pearl, are you a pearl gatherer or a crusher?”
“Executing ideas is as simple as taking the first step.”
“Trigger a thought in your mind, thereafter, your mind will create continuity.”
“When you just can’t bear all the selfishness, lies and spite, When it feels like the weight of the world is on your shoulders, When you’re tired of with fortune, putting up a fight, When you think you’re stuck in a dark cave with no light between the boulders- Just remember, that after the darkest hour only, comes the dawn, And many doors will open up, if you just learn to carry on!”
“When the murky clouds Began drizzling gloom When there was nothing But darkness around When everything Looked hazy and misty Suddenly there twinkled A star Far away.”
“Debt is like ice. Icebergs are dangerous, but once you apply a bit of heat (attention), the giant insurmountable force becomes something harmless that you can put in a cup and drink.”
“I’ve learnt only one thing in my life- Never to let the quest culminate At the railing of the skies- There’s a world beyond!”
“Avoid those who can’t laugh about their own failures, for they have not failed enough. Avoid those who judge your decisions, for they have never learned how to make their own. Avoid those who think they know everything, for they know little about life. Avoid those who discredit your knowledge without testing it, for they will never learn. Avoid those who demand love, for they can’t love themselves. Avoid those who promise love, because they won’t know how to love you. And while avoiding them, don’t avoid judging yourself accordingly, or you won’t be avoiding them but the opportunity to look at yourself through them. Every failure mirrors a lesson.”
“Tout est possible. Il suffit de le vouloir. Les personnes qui ne réussissent pas ce qu'ils veulent faire, c'est parce qu'ils n'y croient pas suffisamment dans leur réalisation.”
“Keep writing, dreaming and creating. There are no boundaries to your imagination. Writers are gifts to the world.”
“Hate was a funny thing. It gnawed at her insides like poison. It made every muscle in her body tense, made her veins boil so hot she thought her head might split in half, and yet it fueled everything she did. Hate was its own kind of fire and if you had nothing else, it kept you warm”
“Do Not let the crumbling of the dying Old World weigh down your Heart; For We Are here, To Create the New.”
“If I considered other people's mediocre standards a sufficient metric by which to measure my own accomplishments, I'd have never amounted to anything.”
“Imagine, Envision, & Create the World You want to See. The Future is Ours.”
“Failure is not an obstacle; it's a necessity.”
“Motivated people build better stuff.”
“No matter your goal or level, I highly recommend finding a compatible training partner and a coach. They will hold you accountable on days when your motivation is low. A coach will help you work through challenges and make adjustments to your training program.”
“The fastest way to get over anything in your life is by revisiting it and giving it a different meaning”
“The effort involved in splitting the wood will be amply repaid by the warmth that it brings to the house. However, at the point that the axe becomes heavy and my arms get sore, the idea of the warmth goes cold.”
“Values flow as blood in organizational culture. Only truthful values can create a healthy culture.”
“It is our attitude towards our decisions that decides our fate, not the nature of our decisions.”
“When it comes to choices, there is no one way our life is supposed to go. Each choice leads to another branch of possibilities and on and on it goes.”
“If you are grateful for where you are, you have to respect the rode that got you there. We must appreciate all that we survive, the small, the medium and the monumental. Find gratitude in your life story, Wake up every morning and say to yourself, I made it here from where I started and I am so proud of that. When we do this, we bless ourselves and feed ourselves with the love to flourish and keep going, no matter where we come from or what we have been through.”
“If you are grateful for where you are, you have to respect the rode that got you there. We must appreciate all that we survive, the small, the medium and the monumental. Find gratitude in your life story. Wake up every morning and say to yourself I made it here from where I started and I am so proud of that. When we do this, we bless ourselves and feed ourselves with the love to flourish and keep going no matter where we come from or what we have been through.”
“Work with all your heart, because - I promise 0 if you show up for your work day after day after day, you just might get lucky enough some random morning to burst right into bloom.”
“Discrete environments will be a thing of past. We are moving towards an incessant world - a world of infinite possibilities. Soon we will be entering the black hole of uncertainties. Are we ready for it?”
“We are part of nature which has a sequential environment - our current actions will affect our future decisions. The choices we make today, will decide what choices we will have tomorrow to choose from.”
“The answer to every challenge that the future will unfold is hidden in the present moment.”
“A positive attitude acts like a fork in the road, which effectively alters the course of your life for the better.”
“The greatest winners were once losers”
“Only believe, you shall behold.”
“Sprint starts, sprint ends, and a lot gets changed in between! Once the sprint is over, you may not realize but one thing is for sure  You are not the same person who initiated last sprint, you grow with every sprint and that's what Agility is all about .So, not a good idea to count in years, the age of Agilist now you know what to count!, didn't you? By the way, an Agilist never gets old, he just becomes more Agile!”
“The wood is not the fuel. The cold is the fuel. For the cold creates the passion for the fire.”
“You will never improve in life if you’re always living on easy street. Strength and progress can be gained if only you just step outside of your comfort zone.”
“There is nothing as heart-pinching as having regrets over not pursuing an opportunity that you know you had a shot at.”
“It's always too early to quit”
“When you control the supply of anxiety, your anger struggles for fuel and eventually turns the flame off.”
“Desires are the materialistic illusions of happiness. Reduce the flame of desire to control your anger.”
“Each time I try, I lose my aim. And the pain starts all over again. It's not an easy target. It's hopeless. But after a while I start again.”
“Absence of obstacles, Is not a sign of achievement. Absence of obstacles, Indicates a lack of movement.”
“It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.”
“Again, we are reminded that life is precious… fleeting. Let’s endeavor to live this amazing life to the fullest. Let’s have the courage to pursue our dreams…To unapologetically cultivate a personal environment conducive to our growth, by nourishing healthy relationships and starving the toxic ones. Let’s laugh at the little nonsense that used to anger us and let go of the grudges that used to weigh us down. Let’s help each other. Let’s show our unquestionable love to the special people in our lives. Let’s squeeze this experience for all it’s worth. We are so blessed to be here, NOW… Let's not throw away another day of this beautiful precious life.”
“Rock bottom is somewhere none of us ever want to be, but sometimes it happens. It's a place that, if we allow it, can destroy us. On the other hand, it can teach us about the deepest, darkest parts of ourselves for our ultimate growth.”
“Those who don't lift, laugh. Those who are humans, lift.”
“Even the mountains bow, but not for self-absorbed snobs. Oceans part making way, only for those not afraid of storms.”
“Bahwasanya derita adalah bagian dari proses. Penting untuk merasakannya. Karena jika Anda hanya mengejar kesenangan di atas rasa sakit, jika Anda membiarkan diri terlena dalam kepongahan dan pemikiran positif delusional, jika Anda terus memanjakan diri dalam berbagai hal atau kegiatan, Anda tidak akan pernah menemukan motivasi yang menjadi syarat untuk benar-benar berubah.”
“Manusia terbentuk dari impian. Tanpa itu, kita hanyalah robot yang bergerak mengikuti hiruk pikuk dunia, tapi tidak mengiringi irama yang dilantuntan bumi. Dan impian bukan sesuatu yang absolut. Ia dapat berubah, bertambah, bahkan berkurang.”
“You have to be careful when having fun because what is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.”
“What is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.”
“Agar ap kisi se mohobat karte hain aur apki mehbooba ap se mohobat karti hai To kuch log apke saath khare honge aur kuch logon apke khilaf. Agar ap ne aur ap ki mehbooba ne sabar se kaam liya aur sirf sabar se hi kaam liya. To ap apni mohobat ko paa lenge. Aur jo log apke khilaf honge wo apke samne haar jayenge aur majbor ho jayenge”
“People who are motivated away from things often experience a lot of pain and worry before they’re motivated to act.”
“Embrace your greatness”
“To days like these, I know it's pretty difficult to carry on, especially with all that is going on around. I know you tried your best to build something, to grow something the very whole time and when the time came for it to blossom, everything seemed to have fallen apart all over again. I know you have always believed in hard work and the goodness of spirit, yet sometimes when you find your hardwork slip through Time's fingers and your goodness going absolutely unnoticed in a world of camouflaged realities, I hope you hold on. I know you feel angry and hostile and you seek answers but hold on, dear heart for nothing goes in vain in a Universe that absorbs every bit of one's actions and intentions. Hold on, dear heart for it doesn't matter how many times you fall but how you remember to walk ahead having full faith on the Justice of Time. Hold on, dear heart for Faith is not when you carry on when the way is smooth and lit but when you cross tunnels of darkness to become the light yourself, for Faith is knowing He is there with you, even in the darkest of nights and the fiercest of storms. Hold on, dear heart for Nothing is certain in a world that revolves around a star of Fire, only that you have the same fire within yourself, the very Stardust that He has put in your soul. And no matter what, carry on, walk ahead with kindness and grace, seep deep in that passion of hard work that pushes you to wake up in the morning to create something, to grow something and to find something wherein you can pour a flicker of your spirit, while wearing the smile of goodness, the very one that makes you, You. Hold on, dear heart! We will grow our garden, all over again, with a little more sunshine and a smile of strength! Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“I’ve lost heart more times than I can count. But God has always helped me find it one more time than I can count.”
“The greatest test you will ever face is mastering yourself.”
“Motivation doesn't work unless your determination is up to the mark”
“It takes courage to be a champion.”
“I found myself thinking more deeply about my own motivations and intentions. I had now been working on the Dawn Wall for parts of three years. It had become my touchstone, my opportunity for self-expression. The way it started—alone—empowered me in my quest for independence.”
“If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual. — Bobby J Mattingly”
“Everyone hurts. Everyone has been hurt by someone and everyone has hurt someone. It takes a great deal of strength and integrity to admit when you are wrong. Feeding the urge to hurt others because you have been hurt only weakens your resolve to heal and creates more pain and suffering. If you learn to forgive yourself and others, you gain the strength of empathy and power of compassion. When you intentionally inflict pain on others because your heart is broken, you only cause more heartbreak. If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual. But inside the realization of this weakness lies the key to true power. Once you acknowledge that you have been wrong and make a legitimate effort to make things right, you begin to shed the false skin of ego and step into your authentic self. That is where your real strength and power lies. — Bobby J Mattingly”
“Everyone hurts. Everyone has been hurt by someone and everyone has hurt someone. It takes a great deal of strength and integrity to admit when you are wrong. Feeding the urge to hurt others because you have been hurt only weakens your resolve to heal and creates more pain and suffering. If you learn to forgive yourself and others, you gain the strength of empathy and power of compassion. When you intentionally inflict pain on others because your heart is broken, you only cause more heartbreak. If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual. But inside the realization of this weakness lies the key to true power. Once you acknowledge that you have been wrong and make a legitimate effort to make things right, you begin to shed the false skin of ego and step into your authentic self. That is where your real strength and power lies.”
“If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual.”
“Healthy can be unhealthy too.”
“Rock bottom can be our greatest teacher - as long as we don't stay there for too long.”
“I believe, with all my heart, that anyone can improve and create a life they love from where they are right now.”
“Don't wait on anyone to tell you what you are worth. You have to be the first person who knows what you are worth and who can say what you are worth.”
“For once in your life be a total idiot, for the right cause, for there is no righter cause than the cause of humanity.”
“”
“MOTIVATE - FORWARD THINK “When you step up for yourself, that doesn’t mean you step on anyone else”. – A.H. Scott 1/13/17 #motivation #inspiration #quotes #possibility #dreams #faith #strive #motion”
“The power of the brain is stronger than the pain”
“Those who don't do, bark. Those who are humans, do.”
“You are the ink, pen and paper, your life is your own decision.”
“The world isn’t changed by people who are ready.”
“The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.”
“A word builds a sentence, which builds a paragraph, which builds a page, which builds a chapter, which builds a book. Build with intent.”
“Conquer yourself before you go out to conquer the world.”
“Baby, when everything and everyone is telling you that you can't do something, there's still a way. When you get to the crossroads and start feeling like you can do it, but you can't figure out what's next, I want you to whisper this to yourself: Patricia Blackstock Johnson. I want you to remember that if Tab's mama can put a pencil in her mouth to hit record on her tape recorder, what can you not do? Where there's a will, there's a way. All you have to do is have the willpower to keep going. Even when it looks like it's going to be over or the storm is too powerful, honey, stay in a state of gratitude. Give God praise in advance.”
“Fall, fall and fall again, to fall without stopping is rising.”
“Competitions are for horses, not heroes.”
“Leading from the front is cliché. I lead from the back to push you forward or be there to catch you. I lead from the side because Im your ally and here to serve you. Leaders are accessible at all times.”
“Should our motivation to achieve be just for the sake of the achievement itself with no thought of who/what we become in the process? If we want to sincerely enjoy our lives, who we become along the way is far more important than what we achieve.”
“Mind is the sentient seed of all time and tide, yet we hide like roaches behind fate's fake hide.”
“Mountains bow when you start climbing, oceans dry when you start crossing. Awake, arise and boldly march forward, the path appears when you start walking.”
“Your approach is to attempt everything & believe in nothing; the world/Market situations are changing so rapidly that if you want to succeed you cannot afford to align yourself with a default approach or point of view.”
“No time? If you do one thing a day, you will have done thirty things in a month.”
“I don’t work. I write - Niedria Kenny”
“Intelligence is knowing the what's and the how's. Wisdom is knowing when and where to use it. Humility is knowing the who and why.”
“Excellence doesn't just happen. Its a practise.”
“Do not apologize for having standards”
“Saying someone is lost is as crazy as saying there is somewhere they are supposed to be.”
“Organisations always want input with creativity and innovation but often have hierarchical control in place.”
“Always stand for your identity. Once you stand for your identity, the whole world will recognize you and follow you. Enough of colonialism and its after affects. India is leap frogging into 21st century with its own identity, in spite of 250 years of colonialism.”
“As Freud said, if you don’t pay you don’t get better.”
“Bersabar bukan hanya sebatas bertahan dalam segala rintangan. Sabar adalah tidak berbuat zalim meski mampu melakukannya.”
“We don't learn from our experiences, we learn from reflecting on our experiences.”
“A great world is only as far away as our willingness to make it great.”
“Whatever happens in your life, please stay alive. I believe you can do it. Don't ever give up.”
“I logged in and created content everyday for two years. No days off. I was driven by my passion but also my obedience to God, who said that I was doing this for a purpose. God was trying to show me something, and in order for me to see, I had to do my part. My part was being consistent.”
“Always remember that you already have power over those who try to have power over you.”
“Your dreams are free but the hustle is sold separately.”
“Do not wait for a change of environment before you act; get a change of environment by action. You can so act upon the environment in which you are now as to cause yourself to be transferred to a better environment. Hold with faith and purpose the vision of yourself in the better environment, but act upon your present environment with all your heart, and with all your strength, and with all your mind.”
“An idea upon which attention is peculiarly concentrated is an idea which tends to realize itself.”
“I’m closing the chapters on the me that I used to be and I’m opening the pages to the person I should have become a long time ago.”
“No more mundane stagnant living! Do things that challenge you, that make you think, that raise your awareness, that inspire your heart, that make you laugh, that snap you out of the zombie mindset and WAKE UP every cell in your body. It’s doing those things that sculpt us into the greatest versions of ourselves. Our BEST life… the unbullshitafied life… is experienced when we live accordingly.”
“You can advance only by being larger than your present place; and no man is larger than his present place who leaves undone any of the work pertaining to that place.”
“The world is advanced only by those who more than fill their present places.”
“But there are moments. Moments where all the fighting seems worth it. Moments where you don't think twice about bleeding for someone else. Moments where one person's tears, one person's smile, are enough to convince you to get back on your feet, to keep breathing, to keep living.”
“Don't cry for everything Just try for something”
“So, we hide, and we fight, and we hide, and we train, and we fight.”
“A wise person keeps the faith and remains hopeful despite the dissemination of stupidity that surrounds them.”
“Like snails, humans are born small but sturdy. While we are shaped by our circumstances, our essence—temperament, traits, and talents—remain with us as we age. Over time, our spirit and strength grow with us like a snail’s shell.”
“Positive Thinking will help you maintain a healty mindset and achieve a new perspective in your daily life. How? Well, did you know that you can increase your chances of succeeding in anything you do by just thinking positively? In order for your life to be fulfilling and happy, you have to be optimistic and develop good idn live vibes. In fact, most psychologists recommend positive thinking for good mental health. You may have probably heard of this idea but dismissed it. Truth is, it holds water. Besides helping improve your mental health and general wellness, positive thinking helps boost your confidence and improves the relationships you have with other people. There are many ways to improve your mindset. One way is to associate with positive people or others who carry good attitudes, and who will keep encouraging you even when you fail. You can also maintain positivity by being enthusiastic even when you feel dull. Additionally, reading uplifting quotes can inspire you to be optimistic. In that respect, below are some inspiring positive thinking quotes and proverbs to help you achieve a new perspective.”
“Businesses have to stop thinking like a companies or corporations, we have to start thinking like customers. People is always the purpose for our business”
“People over profit always.”
“Never underestimate the impact of customer service. Every business has customers that needs to be served.”
“To ‘give up’ on the idea of ‘giving up’ is the first step in ‘getting up.”
“When you become a child with a child, you forget everything; That is the real state of happiness”
“It's one thing to get called into creation without being asked first, But it's an insult to injury to then be expected on top of that to work out what the hell you're doing here in the first (second) place”
“A quote equals a good book”
“Change is inevitable, but evolution is optional … So, I chose to evolve. What are you choosing?”
“She wasn’t a one in a million woman, she was a once in a lifetime lady.”
“You didn’t lose your power; you GAVE it away. It won’t come back on its own; you must TAKE it back!”
“Criticism and hate will always boost your confidence to achieve your goals”
“Your failures are your assets, make sure you remember it when you fail and especially when you are trying to succeed”
“When disaster strikes, be open to a solution.”
“The darkness of the night does not mean that there is no sun in this universe; Sadness does not mean that there is no happiness in your life: Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“The empty glass is filled with air; Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“As a service excellence provider, I always think about how to turn a customer's pain point into brownie points. Never underestimate the power of any customer transaction”
“I never consider my team just customer service representatives, rather service excellence providers. Anyone can serve customers, however my team is next level as provides excellence in service to customers.”
“Look, knowing is overrated. When we assume we know something, we don’t venture any further, dig deeper, or ask questions. When we’re married to ‘knowing,’ we overlook curiosity. Curiosity is where it’s at!”
“Of course there are limits. Every mountain has a peak. The beauty of this life is that there are many mountains to climb and new limits to reach.”
“Get Inspired, Be inspiring”
“It is always easier to blame Satan for our own deeds.”
“Making popcorn is a reminder of the very valuable fact that very similar people who are given the very same opportunity in the very same environment at the very same time will not succeed or mature at the very same time, if they will manage to succeed or mature.”
“Till our next generations are not taught about the price paid by our ancestors to retain our identity, the will wind up choosing wrong Heroes.”
“Listening to others can be hard. It is even harder if we don’t learn to listen to ourselves”
“It takes a whole life to switch from imagination to visualization!”
“Where there's a will there are ten thousand ways”
“The sense of greatness, the sense of education, the sense that we can always figure it out, find a way to overcome almost anything through learning and education”
“Church, God, does not allow suffering for the sake of suffering. No - as we will learn from the text this morning, suffering purifies the church, and through suffering, we as believers are to thrust towards God in our trials and seek Him alone so that we may grow.”
“Until a child that has issues with learning is diagnosed by "an expert" as having a learning disability, nothing is wrong with that child except that his motivation and feelings about the said "learning" is inadequate.”
“Where motivation was concerned, there was hardly any difference between a caveman and a civilised human. The desire to live, and live as well as the next man, was common to all. The point at which virtually all of mankind began to develop a sense of discontent was when it discovered the hiatus between desire and capability.”
“Motivating your team is like cooking. You need to select and blend the right quality ingredients and serve them fresh as often as you can; otherwise, your team will get hungry and grumpy.”
“Go-getters don't know the term "couldn't".”
“Be a go-getter.”
“If we don't wind down, we'll never truly wake up.”
“But I think there's something inside of us, something that blooms in us in adolescence and never leaves and it's just *want*. [ ] Some people work to minimize it with mindfulness and meditation; some people let it grow and run free and take over their lives. But some people, and I consider myself one of them, study their want, refine it, and build an engine that burns it. Even if their want pushes all in one direction, they can tack against it like a sailboat, getting somewhere better than where they *wanted* to be.”
“The downs in life only make you appreciate the ups much more.”
“No Matter How Worst Your Life Is Passing, Always Remember, The Living You Have Today Is Already Some People's Dream.”
“Maybe the worst reason to do anything. I got scared.”
“I love travelling to places far from civilization. I always feel more civilized when I return.”
“इश्क़ भी अजीब है। पता नहीं किसको क्या बना दे। सुकून है। ज़हर है। कोकेन है। बंधन है। मुक्ति है। भांग है। माया है– खुमारी चढ़ने के बाद पता नहीं कौन, कैसी हरकत करने लगे। दुनिया की सबसे आम चीज़ है। सोचो कि क्या है तो कुछ भी तो नहीं। और सोचने लगो तो दुनिया की ऐसी कोई चीज़ नहीं जो उसे परिभाषित न करे। इश्क़ की परिभाषा है, ‘इश्क़’ और ‘है’ के बीच में कोई भी शब्द लिख दो, वही इश्क़ की परिभाषा हो जाएगी!”
“दुनिया में कुछ भी (किसी के लिए) रुकता कहाँ है। परिवर्तित होता रहता है। पत्र बदल जाते हैं। बैटन पास हो जाता है। जगहें बदल जाती हैं। भावनाएँ एक जैसी होती है। अनंत समय का चक्र घूमता रहता है। दुनिया उसी प्रवाह से चलती रहती है।”
“दुनिया में काँटा-कंकड़ भी रहबे करेगा। आप किसी-किस को सही करते फिरेंगे? दुनिया के हर रास्ते पर कालीन नहीं न बिछ जाएगा… इतना भी काफी है कि अपना आस पड़ोस साफ़ रखा जाए और जूता पहन के रहा जाय।”
“अजनबी की तरह… चीज़ों को दूर से देखो तो [उनके बारे में] एक भ्रम बना रहता है। पहचान के बाद पास से देखो तो …अक्सर उधड़ी हुई दिखती हैं।”
“भईया, लोलक समझते हैं? अरे लोलक पेंडुलम को कहते हैं। ज़िन्दगी में बहुत-सी चीज़ें लोलक की तरह ही होती हैं। सुख या दुःख दोनों ही दूर चले गए तो घूम कर फिर वापस आएँगे ही। इंसान को बस अपने काम में मन से लगे रहना चाहिए। हिन्दी में फ़िज़िक्स पढ़ते हुए रटे थे कि दोलन करता हुआ लोलक जितने समय बाद पुनः वापस आ जाए उसे उसका आवर्तकाल कहते हैं। वैसे ही ज़िन्दगी में सुख-दुःख का भी आवर्तकाल होता है।”
“When in phase of uncertainty, befriend yourself to a new discovery”
“His chariot was stuck in a hole and wasn't moving any further. He sat on it and waited for someone to come and push it. When none did that, he got down and began pushing it by himself. Soon, a few people arrived around him and began pushing his chariot with him. Among them, one was the god himself.”
“Well being is a great wealth.”
“At a basic level, your personal mission has to be rooted in the story of you, the sum of your life experiences, and what you want to achieve in the future. It is like a blueprint for your life that is filled with action verbs and themes that you associate with achieving a sense of abundance, and which extends beyond material resources.”
“I will not wait for later or the ‘right time’. There is only this time and I am ready to live in it.”
“Don't wait for the right moment. Just get started and learn along the way.”
“Don't try to change, be the change Don't try to be good, be good Don't try to be a Buddha, be a Buddha Don't try to be successful, behave successfully”
“Life is but an experiment of trial and error, instead of fretting the future, cherish the experiment.”
“I find that those who have the most to lose are the most motivated”
“Wealth can be created, but time cannot. The wealth you create is contingent on the time you put in. So, use all your time.”
“Yes, trying new things may be scary, maybe even unrealistic. But do you really want to live your entire life without being able to look back at how many obstacles you have overcome? Sometimes, you need to briefly step out of the real world to give yourself the inspiration you can’t find anywhere else; set your own boundaries for what is real to you.”
“There's only one person better than you, and you see them in the mirror every single day. Never stop being you.”
“If you are tired of doing the work. You are tired of winning.”
“You aren't able to manifest what you are not doing or becoming.”
“Meditation is good for sound mind.”
“A growth mindset or a fixed mindset is a function of a person's motivation. A person's motivation shapes what and how he thinks, which in turn tells on his mindset.”
“Giants in Jeans Sonnet 19 Be humble to the lowly, And gentle to weak. Be a dinosaur to the phony, And a stone wall to the critic. It is a mad, mad world, Where the naïve is up for abuse. Be naïve and simple on the inside, But learn when it's time to act a douche. Some bullies only understand strength, If needed keep your strength at hand. A few firm roars of your conviction, Will make the oppressors wet their pants. But be very cautious while using your strength, Reckless power turns even a saint into tyrant.”
“Always try to avoid looking backward and forward if you want to be upward.”
“If you want to go forward, You must take action and apply yourself”
“Don't doubt your dreams.”
“Purposefully pursue your dreams with all diligence.”
“When I want to do a thing I always can do it.”
“It's a New Year New Goals New Aspiration New Affirmations I'm motivated I'm Driven”
“It's a New Year New Goals New Aspirations New Affirmations I'm Motivated I'm Driven”
“Anxiety is never your fault. Neither is it an innate part of who you are. Change is possible.”
“Flow can be found in so many things: Teaching, carving, exploring. Healing, writing, making right. Unearthing, interpreting, speaking truth. What is common between them is an exhilaration in the engagement, the challenge, and no guarantee of success.”
“There are four types of motivational forces: fear, dreams and desires, fulfilling big ideas, and transforming the world to make a better place to live. The fear and security, driven motivational forces are in the lowest level.”
“Human- A Peculiar animal, constantly in a race to prove something; which it’s not.”
“Those who are chagrined by their predicaments are incognisant of their higher motivations.”
“Spite is a perfectly good motivation.”
“Failure and rejections are just words. It is your choice to go ahead and be a champion or to just cry whole life.”
“Connection gives us the grace and grit to unleash our potential and endure the challenge of our daily mess.”
“Everything that matters rests on the realization that this life is an inside job”
“To merge on the road you are meant to travel, means making a choice and then taking action.”
“The elements of the written word can be purely magical. I read and I write I inspire and I’m living.”
“Inspiration ignites the spark of magic. Creativity is magic.”
“A good Athlete may not be a good Coach, likewise, a good Coach may not be a good Athlete”
“Gravity is the God and the Sun is the Son of God as our ancestors tried to teach us, they were scientists with unstoppable creativity”
“Have no room for people who set you back.”
“Faith is a full surrender to the Supreme Being.”
“We humans always feel solitariness, trouble, and much more and always have a tough time coping with it. In my case, I wrote dilemmas down and could see answers in me. That’s how it grew. I want people around me to make their dreams come true, not to withdraw. I want them to smile at little things than being agitated. I want their heart to engulf in positivity, not to give up. I want them to be in euphoria, for being alive and blessed. I want them to cope up with their difficult times with a splendid grin.”
“Strong, vibrant, positive company culture values their people so greatly that no one feels like just a number.”
“Spiritually healthy employees are the greatest asset and partners an organization can have. They are positive, solution-seeking, and unifying people.”
“Great leaders understand that it is impossible to compartmentalize elements of life, so they create opportunities for people to grow in every area.”
“The ‘purpose’ element of onboarding is where you begin to lay the foundation of success for your new team member.”
“People are the lifeblood of any business.”
“Believing you can’t find good people is like saying you can’t grow your business.”
“Culture has the single greatest impact on your bottom line.”
“A strong, positive culture holds us accountable for taking responsibility and finding solutions.”
“Leader, you have to know your why, for yourself and your business.”
“The magic to recruiting is going to where the people are, and the people are living on social media.”
“You want your people recruiting, especially your highest performers.”
“This is about designing a culture that is so strong and healthy, your team can’t stay quiet about their experience.”
“There is an art to developing people.”
“The people within your leadership are a direct reflection of you.”
“Behaviour is your character in action”
“Hard work does not pay off. Your discipline does. Working hard ones is not enough. Work hard as a habit.”
“As a leader, my job as a CEO is Culture + Excellence Officer. My team are proffessionals, they know their job. I just maintain culture and drive excellence.”
“Magic will happen, Just distance yourself from negativity.”
“When you have done your homework and hard work then let God work on you so you become successful.”
“Difficulties only add value to a dream.”
“If you get tired, learn to rest not quit.”
“The grave tragedies we’ve experienced can help motivate us to unite for a better world.”
“Feeling tired? Learn to rest, not to quit”
“The enemy that is Envy is trigger-happy; he's pretty much a gunslinger who wields a silenced Demotivator - sent with sabotage, suicide, and suppression, he assassinates in secret, and so hopes to exterminate, to kill what was meant to motivate him - in simpler terms and less expression: he shoots the messenger.”
“So long as you are self-obsessed, applause and mockery will equally impair your capacity. Wipe out every trace of self-obsession and you'll learn to work through both applause and mockery - and you'll rise as the true victor of time.”
“If you don't like hard work, get used to mediocrity.”
“Rollup curiosities in backpack, go drive, explore.”
“Build your destiny my soldier, build it from ground up, and all light will come.”
“Work is the only antidote to weakness.”
“If you think you have nothing to give, it isn’t true. Be generous. No one is too poor to give.”
“I was already dead. I didn’t have a dream. I didn’t know who I was or what I was looking for. I didn’t see a future. I was lost, just trying to survive. My days were empty.”
“Make the effort to work on yourself. No one will work on yourself for you”
“Turbulence is the price you pay for flying high”
“So many leaders are bound by a contract to lead when it should be bound by your choice to lead.”
“You are the most important investment in your empire. If you don't keep learning you wont keep earning.”
“A happy child starts crying if you talk to them in consoling tone. All the consolation being served to you in the name of hope and positivity is keeping you continuously in victim mode.”
“What candles are to cake; joy is to happiness.”
“And thou win.”
“Learn. Unlearn. Repeat.”
“Let the success be the voice of whispering hard-work.”
“You either have to participate or vacate. Contribute or be cancelled.”
“Either it shall pass or you will get used to it.”
“Die with memories, not dreams.”
“You are the star in your world, claim your spot, sparkle!”
“I was not born with a silver spoon, but an old rusty steel spoon bent all out of shape. Over the year's I made that old spoon straight again. I polished that spoon so hard, now my spoon shines just as if it were made of newly minted silver !”
“Impossible is just an opinion.”
“Rich People don't need motivational quotes.”
“We are not there yet, but we're almost there.”
“You can’t be a bird, then cry about not being able to fly.”
“surround yourself with people who make you feel safe”
“Keep going no matter what anyone does or says to hold you back because one day when it's all over, they'll be asking how did they forget about this great thing that happened.”
“Sometimes what others say about us matters the most.”
“If the thrill of success doesn't make you jump out of bed in the morning, then the fear of failure should do.”
“I forgive myself for not being who I wanted to be in the past so I can focus on being who I want to be now.”
“Those who can't do, mock, those who do, have no time to mock.”
“Consistency is when you practise your discipline”
“Look to expand beyond the daily grind, and find activities that are new and exciting.”
“Through building of habits, many decisions that previously involved active thinking and consideration become second nature.”
“Always strive for continuous improvement.”
“The harsh reality of our existence is that we will forever face times where we will need to partake in both enjoyable and unenjoyable activity.”
“Today’s society has an obsession with electronic entertainment.”
“I embrace and celebrate the color of my skin. Why should I reject the skin color that reflects the work my ancestors did tending to their harvests, creating homes for their families and protecting their lands?”
“I define my roles as a woman, whether that means a mother at home, a CEO, both, neither or more.”
“I will not fall into the trap of being told to eat more and then being called fat at the same party. Only I control what I eat and how I feel about my body.”
“It's the 21st century. I am not submissive. I can own property. You cannot call me exotic.”
“I can live better, I can give more, and I can heal when I learn to love myself. Change is an inside job, too. You can outgrow old versions of yourself. That's love!”
“Hatred is a easy thing everyone can do this , it doesn't take courage to hate someone , you can hate anyone just by their appearance ,like you hate that stranger in a bus who is listing music while putting his earphones , or you can hate the colour of someone bag or his brown hair, your hate is genuine just like hemlock and sharp as eagle eye, but above all hate is a easy thing love takes courage, it's difficult to love someone without any expectations, but some uncommon humans can do this, They are the one who will carry the light and bloom the flowers of love .”
“Be innovative in leading people. Within our organisations we are continously innovating procedures, systems and technology but we fail to consider how we can innovate in our leadership.”
“Today's mockery is tomorrow's applause.”
“The moment one definitely commits oneself, then providence moves too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would have never otherwise have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in one's favor all manner of unforeseen incidents, meetings, and material assistance which no man could have dreamed would have come his way. Whatever you do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now.”
“Your dream may be the home of another person's dreams.”
“What is God to you? A need? A spare? A luxury?”
“God is not looking for beneficiaries; He's looking for sons and daughters”
“Make moves and you'll make rain”
“Make moves; God will let it rain.”
“Of you rise to the top alone, you'll be lonely when you get there.”
“When there's a storm, eagles fly into the eye of the storm; chicken flee into their coop. Are you a chicken or an eagle?”
“Curiosity is the courage to seek to know.”
“Occasionally, what makes us uncertain, doubtful, and vulnerable becomes the fuel we need to be high achievers. The cure for a snakebite is made from the poison; in the same way, the fear that made you go backward can be the same force that can push you forward. Use fear as motivation!”
“I have been frozen I have been molten I have been boiled I have been ripped I have been hardened And still I settle.”
“Grandma always tell me it's not the end of the world when I'm feeling down about something”
“Being intentional is the first step to motivation”
“I radiate with the light that all women share. I cherish that light and acknowledge it in every woman I pass.”
“I face my trauma because I believe in breaking cycles, not repeating them.”
“I only preserve traditions that bring joy, not traditions that keep people from it.”
“I accept when I am wrong because that only makes me strong.”
“People may "other" me for the color of my skin and the shape of my eyes. This is their weakness. It is not mine.”
“There are consequences to every action I take, but that does not keep me from acting. It motivates me to choose wisely, to be responsible, and understand the power that I have within me.”
“I will not be guilted or shamed into being something I am not.”
“I am an Asian goddess! I love myself and show others they can love themselves as well.”
“Your inner voice is yours to guard, and to heeed.”
“I can listen to what my elders have to say and still do the opposite of what they think is right. It is my life to live. I am responsible for it.”
“I do not need to find happiness. I can create happiness all on my own.”
“We must be willing to follow the road less traveled, for exploration will yield a richer and more fulfilling life experience.”
“The world keeps changing, creating new possibilities. Therefore I can keep changing and become even more than I thought possible.”
“I am short. I am smart. I am strong. I am hilarious!”
“My nose does not look like Barbie's nose and that's perfectly fine.”
“Bad Bitches need Jesus too!”
“You deserve the best, so stop accepting less!”
“Don’t waste your time trying to fix others. Fix yourself!”
“Relationships are not difficult, people are.”
“People complain about what they don’t like, but often are what they don’t like”
“If you want to be accepted as you are, learn to accept others as they are.”
“If you’re looking for love, look inside first.”
“It is incredibly important to remain receptive to the meandering flow of time.”
“Through the process of maturation, we drive toward a sense of independence and slowly detach ourselves from our families – paving our own path through individuality, friendships, romantic endeavors.”
“We may have hobbies that spur a great deal of passion, where we toil hours on end to obtain a sense of perfection.”
“Mistakes are not always a clear indicator of lack of effort or incompetency.”
“Regardless of similarity, no two journeys are ever the same.”
“Given the amount of spare time we might have for ourselves in a given week, it is all the more important that we are in complete alignment with what we enjoy in life.”
“Forcing oneself toward peak performance on difficult days only incites further strain.”
“Errors tell us that we are trying new things, using different approaches, or thinking in such a manner that does not conform to normalcy.”
“You only regret the workouts you didn’t do.”
“Humanity and failure are synonymous with one another – the human race has a destiny to fail, because we have a destiny to grow.”
“We may become so entangled in our web of pressures and expectations that we may forget the role we play in dictating how we feel on any given day.”
“We must be aware of the amount of time invested in idle activities, as such endeavors do not serve to provide any path toward self-improvement.”
“You must first believe with your heart to heed with your mind.”
“Obstacles are presented to us as an opportunity for growth.”
“We may try to convince ourselves that we could never possibly make a valuable contribution to humanity, whether it be through invention or sharing of thoughts. Stop that nonsense.”
“We must never forget to show genuine appreciation for those who accompany us on life’s journey.”
“No matter how old we are or what life experiences we have incurred, we are never too old to make mistakes.”
“We must realize that no one escapes the bounds of time. The clock is ticking.”
“In the case of large projects, a change of perspective can come from the technique of chunking - where a large effort is taken and broken down into more manageable components.”
“Memories provide an anchoring mechanism in defining what we must emphasize in the present to achieve the future we strive to obtain.”
“It is such a blessing that we can find endless support through our friends and family.”
“Maintaining a commitment to learning ensures acquisition of knowledge and solidification of a mature worldview.”
“The first step necessary in addressing the shortcomings of our lives is to acknowledge them.”
“Pursuing an escapist mode of living where we chase the false pretense of constant enjoyment will only further drive us into a state of distress.”
“Greet today with a smile, and a bigger smile yet tomorrow.”
“Often, the most substantial opportunities of our lives will blindside us.”
“Upon incurring the wrath of our own mistakes, we may barrage ourselves with a flurry of unnecessary self-downing behaviors.”
“Neither good periods of life nor bad periods of life are bound to last forever.”
“Delving head-first into acceptance of changes mandates an embrace of the temporality of all things.”
“We must commit to change; we must commit to the daily challenge of bettering ourselves no matter the obstacles.”
“Now, get out there and start reframing your perspective – one step at a time.”
“This life exists as a competition with oneself - no one else.”
“We must stop beginning our sentences with ‘I wish ’ and substitute for ‘I am grateful for ”
“If you do not have hopes or dreams, I implore you to brainstorm something to fill the void.”
“Despite an overwhelming assertion of self-knowledge, we will find ourselves cyclically falling victim to our own devices.”
“You work very diligently to secure a life you are proud of.”
“Keep moving forward, and you will always see progress”
“Progress is not always rapid, in fact, sometimes it moves at a ‘snail’s pace”
“In a village people were happy eating rice and vegetables. Then somebody started coming every morning to distribute sweets. Now villagers are happy only in the morning when they get sweets. Rest of the time they remain depressed. The sweets of hope and positivity and motivation being distributed everywhere are actually causing anxiety and depression.”
“Once you see results, it becomes an addiction.”
“We need to consider the components of our life that are less than ideal. Acute focus will yield areas for improvement.”
“Regardless of how old we are or what stage of life we are in, we must always maintain a positive outlook and an eagerness to learn.”
“The tide can always turn in unknown time.”
“You will find that joy is infinitely more accessible, and sustainable, when you are constantly seeking self-improvement.”
“We must actively work to fend off frivolous distractions and activities that will not cultivate a state of growth and bliss.”
“When you find yourself completely and utterly idle, move.”
“Society pushes us into patterns that deny us the chance for spontaneity.”
“Exercising an awareness for the present moment ensures nothing in our lives is missed.”
“Let's face it - we know ourselves better than anyone else! But, do not disregard the perspectives that others can provide.”
“It is not feasible to influence our existence if we do not know what we wish to obtain from the world.”
“If you are unhappy with the ‘you’ of today, remember that tomorrow is another opportunity. Seize the day.”
“Do you take time out of your day to show appreciation for those who add meaning to your life?”
“We must still make a sincere effort, but accept our mistakes and misgivings whenever they arise.”
“If you do not chase your dreams, you shall exist to fulfill the dreams of others.”
“One of the most substantial tools that can be leveraged is the power of perspective.”
“The future owes us nothing.”
“Under the state of willpower depletion, we are more likely to break habits that hold dependency on resiliency and discipline.”
“Why would we want to pursue something that may only bring us inner turmoil?”
“Despite the vast complexity of the human brain, we are still susceptible to the more animalistic nature that exists within each of us.”
“Achieving a solid mental state enables us to better cater to our physical needs (and vise versa).”
“The more we practice mindfulness, the more power we pull away from the enemy within us.”
“Know that we will never be fully in control of the flow of time, and know that this reality is OK.”
“If we are unable to drive forward toward a vision of the future, our present day loses meaning.”
“Do not measure your life using someone else’s ruler. In doing so, you are committing a great injustice to yourself.”
“At some point, we find ourselves reaching maturity and establishing lives of our own. Childhood is a blip on the radar.”
“How will you start performing self-love as a habit in your daily life?”
“Our lives are often so busy that we forget to stop and observe the world around us.”
“Along the way – did we ever consider asking ourselves whether the thoughts, feelings, and inclinations acquired along the way truly reflect who we want to be?”
“We must permit ourselves to heal and move forward.”
“There are times where life is unfair to us; we may experience poor health, financial struggles, or emotional turmoil. Remain steadfast through the storm; the clouds shall part in time.”
“Without sufficient attention, we lack the mechanism necessary to remove ourselves from immediate danger.”
“Interpersonal bonds transcend time; you will always hold a strong connection with your loved ones, regardless of short-term quarrels.”
“Alarm bells should be going off in your ahead as soon as you start living for the weekend as the sole source of reprieve and relaxation.”
“Throughout life, the scope of your goals and aspirations will constantly change and transform.”
“If we educate ourselves sufficiently and realize the long-term health implications of unhealthy food choices, we will very readily pivot away from junk food.”
“Failing can ultimately be way more rewarding than succeeding.”
“When I feel like giving up or frustrated with life that saying " It's not the end of the world " always kept me going.”
“If we are not presenting ourselves with nuanced experiences and new knowledge, we will never be allowed to grow.”
“Falling victim to bad habits brings damaging effects upon our health or wellbeing.”
“At the very least, we owe it to ourselves to operate as our biggest fan wherever possible.”
“It is critical to truly fulfill your purpose and contribute to the betterment of humankind. No two journeys look the same.”
“One’s personhood is wholly shaped and defined by personal experiences.”
“An instrumental component of the human formula is our insatiable need for interpersonal connections.”
“We often to fail to notice what great emptiness comes with a life spent avoiding emotion.”
“The sheer amount of knowledge in our world is overwhelming!”
“How we choose to react to circumstances that arise holds substantially more weight than the circumstances themselves.”
“The key to adopting novelty is to understand what it entails: introduction of unplanned choices or pursuits.”
“It is necessary for us to incur mistakes to refine the intricate art of existence.”
“Think back to your early childhood, where everything was nuanced and a new adventure was just around every corner. Do you seek nuance in your life today?”
“We are raised under the watchful eyes of guardians, who embed their own hopes and aspirations within us.”
“Do not believe in the falsehoods of material wealth.”
“Both happiness and sadness exist as fleeting states. Once we are able to acknowledge this, we acquire tools of resiliency to propel us through periods of struggle and a level of respect that will allow appreciation during times of bliss.”
“If we subject ourselves to the same ‘cookie cutter’ patterns day in and day out, the perception of time’s passage accelerates substantially. Nuance slows time.”
“Accept any amount of progression with a sense of comfort.”
“Lacking future-set aspirations deprives us of a critical mechanism of motivation.”
“We are subject to a society that bombards us with temptation to buy the latest gizmos and gadgets to appease our social circle. Stop living to impress others.”
“When we act, are we considering the future implications and outcomes?”
“Our jobs, families, hobbies, and holistic breadth of obligations will always exist to compete with time reserved for reflection.”
“Be adventurous in the way you approach personal development.”
“Use verbal affirmations to provide a positive reinforcement for your efforts.”
“No matter how old we are, or how many years of formal schooling we may have taken, we will forever hold a personal responsibility for personal growth.”
“Achieving a mixture of both short term and long term goals provides a healthy composite of feedback, where we reap the rewards of our efforts on a consistent basis.”
“How fast we take our steps does not define the way.”
“They lived their lives as if their sights were set on the clouds beyond the hill they were climbing.”
“At times, it can be incredibly difficult to look past our imperfections, given the high expectations set by our family and peers.”
“We may perceive circumstances at hand to be more that can be bared. Remain steadfast in the face of struggle.”
“Pressure from society and our guardians might prompt us to set our aspirations aside in favor of a path that is not our own.”
“Never deprive yourself of an opportunity to chase your ambitions.”
“Do you frequently encounter days where you run out of the mental energy necessary to accomplish your goals?”
“Each day brings forth its own set of hurdles.”
“Have the courage to indiscriminately accept the instances where you fall short of goals, and leverage the lessons learned to march forward with an even greater sense of tenacity.”
“When deconstructing life into its finest components, there is very little that we require to live and thrive.”
“Be present in this moment.”
“I assure you; a day without your mobile devices will not spell doom for your ability to grasp enjoyment.”
“Do not allow the gift of individuality to go to waste.”
“Consider self-love to be any activity that helps to alleviate the emotional burdens of daily life.”
“For deep-rooted issues, there is no shame in seeking out professional help.”
“On days of struggle, try showing yourself kindness and give yourself enough time for your emotions to settle.”
“Making the conscious decision to chase your dreams is not for the faint of heart.”
“We are constantly tied to our phones, computers, televisions, tablets, and any other device imaginable. Dedicate some time to disconnect.”
“If your dreams no longer resonate with you, it may be time to begin questioning your aspirations.”
“You must never feel as though you are incapable of growth and improvement.”
“Willpower is the resource which allows us to operate under circumstances where there is low desire to act, or the incentive tied to an action is not immediately apparent.”
“It all starts with acknowledging a problem.”
“If we do not have a basis by which we encounter undesirable outcomes, we will not come to understand the prerequisites of obtaining desirable outcomes.”
“The internet has done a tremendous job in making information readily available for all to see.”
“Resist the urge to auto-pilot through life.”
“You are worthy of all non-material facets of life that will bring you opportunities for personal growth and fulfillment.”
“The luxuries of tomorrow will only come with the continued explorations of today.”
“What is your strategy to find comfort in times when the pressure of life becomes too overbearing?”
“It is during these moments that we must remember the impermanence of time.”
“Flashy pictures of materialistic wealth, lavish vacations, and ‘perfect’ relationships paint a very unhealthy picture of expectation for society.”
“Setting out on a mission for physical fitness will not yield results after a single jog or a single trip to the gym. Results must compound with consistency and time.”
“Society tells us that failure should be avoided at all costs, and mistakes are inexcusable. Society's definition of mistakes and failure is infinitely misguided.”
“Perceived acceleration of time’s passage is largely due to the absence of nuance.”
“There are strategies available to us to avoid unnecessary willpower expenditure.”
“We may carry out mistakes that readily affect family or friends. Acknowledge and apologize.”
“We exist as a composite of our experiences and exposures.”
“With age, it is easy for arrogance to replace the curiosity of youth.”
“It can be difficult for us to realize what an immense role family plays in our lives, but rest assured – we can credit a great deal of our personal success to those who guided us through our most vulnerable years.”
“We unknowingly close our eyes to thoughts and experiences solely due to preconditioning and biases.”
“Our thoughts and interests gravitate toward activities entailing the shortest ‘cycle time’ for perceived benefits. Instant gratification will always serve as a false optimal.”
“The world around us will continue to turn, and our surrounding environment will forever play a role in influencing our lives.”
“When the days become long and you begin to falter in pursuit of your goals, take a deep breath.”
“Nuance is one of the most valuable tools in slowing the perceived passage of time.”
“Take time out of the day to explore how you are feeling.”
“Humanity exists as a culmination of generations upon generations of knowledge.”
“Considering the immense advantages of forgiving others, why should we take any different approach when addressing the misfortunes that we bring upon ourselves?”
“Look past imperfection, with full awareness that you are a flawed individual. Your individuality is priceless.”
“There are numerous ways that we can reframe choices and activities in such a way that they become desirable.”
“We can readily observe the actions of today as stepping stones to mold our days to come.”
“Our dreams evolve with us; never feel as though you are abandoning your dream if it no longer harmonizes with who you are today.”
“We may have days where we encounter emotional struggles that weigh us down and make it difficult to get through the day. Remain resilient.”
“Recognition of our wrongdoings must be accompanied by a sense of urgency.”
“There are personal responsibilities in the form of work and schooling, family needs, and the endless list of chores that ensure a functional household. Progress does not always look pretty.”
“You are bound to incur struggle and heartache on the path to achieving success.”
“By nature of routine, our mind allows us to leverage patterns; repetition permits us to perform remedial tasks without much active thought or input.”
“Take this opportunity to be your own biggest fan – starting today.”
“If a thought or action is perceived as undesirable, you will not want to do it. It is that simple. Change your mindset; perception is king.”
“The only comparison that should be made is placing who you are today beside who you were yesterday.”
“At times, it can be difficult to even set aside moments for relaxation, let alone opportunities to pursue personal development.”
“The journey of life looks differently for everyone.”
“We are our own biggest fan when it comes to treatment of self; our capacity for self-love is truly immeasurable.”
“The ability to connect on an emotional level holds a strong influence on who we choose to spend our time with.”
“Both mind and body must be kept in perpetual harmony to ensure prosperity.”
“There is no shame in choosing a new path, but we must realize what we sacrifice in doing so.”
“No matter who we are or what we are pursuing, we will never escape the possibility of failure. Have the courage to persevere.”
“We must permit ourselves to accept missteps with advancements and defeat with victory.”
“Each day presents a plethora of competing priorities. Focus is key.”
“A great deal of enjoyment and fulfillment can be found in ensuring we make progress in pursuing our core interests.”
“Why do you do what you do? Is it simply something you have done every day? Every week? Every month? Every year?”
“Reach out for the help of friends, family, or even strangers.”
“Our sense of personal fulfillment is often in heavy alignment with what we derive enjoyment from.”
“You shall see the true amount of effort and sacrifice to be incurred when pursuing your passions.”
“Whether we like to admit it or not, our personhood is a culmination of our life experiences and exposures.”
“Losing faith in progress and skipping days only slows the progress of growth.”
“Train your mind to see the good in everything.”
“If your mind is sharp, your words will wound.”
“There will be many lessons learned along the way through missed opportunities and failure.”
“Acceptance of the temporality of emotion is an immensely powerful tool.”
“Plan for your problems to be gone; plan and anticipate a better tomorrow.”
“Maintain physical engagement to ward off an early decline, and ensure health and mobility for as long as feasibly possible.”
“Invest in your future self; you will not face social ostracism if you do not know who won the big sports game last night.”
“Avoidance of mistakes may lead us to steer clear of new experiences and default to familiarity to reduce the chance of 'failure'. Society's definition of failure is misguided.”
“The first step toward new experiences is to understand the ‘holding patterns’ within your life. Do not uphold habits for the sake of habits.”
“Attempting to run from our mistakes shows personal weakness, and may hold implications for the harm we may have caused to ourselves or others.”
“As we grow older, we perceive time to pass at an exponentially faster rate.”
“If you are feeling sad or angry, take the time to explore your feelings.”
“Being disciplined is a form of self care”
“If a decision cannot make you .then it's not a decision”
“You may encounter many difficulties, do not get discouraged.”
“In nature, the purpose of pain is to seek attention and the purpose of pleasure is to appreciate attention given”
“Prioritise the important things inside, then the outward will follow through.”
“By slowing down and focusing on how fortunate you are, you will in turn elevate your level of satisfaction.”
“Everyone in this world charters a deeply personal journey.”
“Open your eyes to what you should truly be focusing on when chasing dreams – the journey itself.”
“Nature will always present us a path toward clarity.”
“Consider the ways in which you can become empowered to influence changes in your life.”
“The world we inhabit will forever be in a state of motion.”
“Amongst the onslaught of social noise, we continue to grow and develop our personhood.”
“When someone wrongs us, the appropriate reaction is to acknowledge the wrongdoing and offer the offending party forgiveness.”
“No matter how painful it may be, we must learn to face our shortcomings with open arms.”
“Our physical and mental capacities will only be with us for so long. Take care of yourself to improve longevity.”
“There will be days that we openly acknowledge that progress or performance were subpar. Do whatever you can to move forward, even if it is for a single step.”
“A well-cultivated mind deprived of physical engagement lacks all semblance of mobility, and may be in grave danger of ill health.”
“Society trains us to keep our eyes locked on the horizon, constantly in pursuit of the next social trend.”
“As we grow older, dreams can fall secondary to reality. Never give up what you hold in your heart.”
“We often have a variety of commitments competing for our time at any given moment.”
“When facing undesirable circumstances, we do an excellent job of hyper-focusing on what irks us.”
“Regardless of our own personal assertions, time continues to march on.”
“Never stop growing, and never stop smiling.”
“Are you passionate enough about a specific topic to become a subject matter expert, or entrepreneur in a particular field?”
“We must be very deliberate in choosing what is meaningful to us and provide a stable path for long-term growth.”
“Only you can motivate yourself.”
“Today will present us with a unique set of demands and challenges.”
“Seek nourishment and physical engagement to ensure good health and perpetual growth.”
“It is of our utmost advantage to be present in the moment.”
“Immaterial wealth will always outweigh material wealth.”
“There is a great deal to be said with regard to stability in life. You reap what you sow.”
“Why is it so effortless for us to become lost in the cyclical drone of daily life?”
“Painful memories serve as a catalyst for growth.”
“In today’s consumerism-driven world, we often become obsessed with owning the newest gadgets, brands, and fashion. Material wealth and social status are false paths to happiness.”
“The only assurance to share is that change is forever constant.”
“Take the time to try different methods of self-love, as you may find preferences toward certain approaches.”
“No matter how well our lives appear to be proceeding, we will inevitably encounter days when the weight of the world feels more than we can handle.”
“With time, we come to perfect repetitive actions, and our subconscious does much of the heavy lifting on our behalf.”
“Set aside today’s luxuries to fuel the luxuries of the future.”
“Maturation of self is not a destination; it is a gradual journey propelled by commitment and consistency.”
“Common interests hold a predominant role in the ability to garner and retain a social circle.”
“We must place our hand upon the proverbial hot stove to burn ourselves in order to learn that the stove is hot, and we mustn’t touch it.”
“Harness awareness, and mold your days into what you wish them to be.”
“Hyper focusing on physical possessions will not bring us happiness or satisfaction, nor will it ensure long-term financial gain.”
“You will always benefit from striving to be here now – do not allow life’s precious moments to pass you by.”
“If we work so actively to avoid painful situations, preoccupation will cause us to miss the good things that are happening in our lives.”
“In giving up, we incur a change of mindset and settle for lesser accomplishments.”
“If we become complacent with our daily responsibilities, it can become more difficult to branch out and seek areas of personal growth.”
“In both positive and negative respects, our past holds influence on the present. Break the cycle.”
“Are there emotional underpinnings that incline us to indulge so greatly in relaxation, instead of taking on more productive uses of time?”
“The world is in a perpetual state of change and evolution; our short lifetime bridges but a small gap of the overarching progress of humanity.”
“A short stroll through nature does wonders to reveal the beauty of the world around us.”
“Humans are incredibly malleable creatures, and we reserve the right to seek out growth for the entirety of our lives.”
“The curiosity of the mind will slowly fade away, if we do not continue to exercise it.”
“Friendships exist in seasons; the dynamics of social relationships change and evolve as we grow older.”
“Focusing solely on the negative experiences of life, we deny ourselves the ability to realize the positive events that permeate our lives.”
“Approach each day with positivity and an eagerness to learn.”
“Physical and mental health exist as two sides to the same coin; we must jointly cultivate them to feel whole.”
“Throughout our lives, we will come to accrue an audience of individuals who share a platform of commonality, such as - interests, experiences, thoughts, and emotions. We call them friends.”
“We must pick ourselves up after the storm passes and begin to bud new branches in our lives.”
