“I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Dare to Be When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best. Dare to be the best you can – At all times, Dare to be!”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass  get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.”
“Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”
“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT Goodbye.”
“Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.”
“You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You Be Free Share.”
“Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse. The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring . I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.”
“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.”
“Get Off The Scale! You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance. Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life. It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”
“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
“I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“LAW 4 Always Say Less Than Necessary When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike. Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.”
“You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.”
“Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.”
“I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!”
“Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.”
“In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you" whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it cause a smile today for someone else and give plenty of hugs.”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day…You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others.”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“Don't fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“ The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step, Dalinar. ”
“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Why Not You? Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you? Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you? Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you? Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you? Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you? Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you? Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you? Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you? Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you? Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you? Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you? Today is a new day! Many will seize this day. Many will live it to the fullest. Why not you?”
“Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“I cannot let the fear of the past color the future.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.”
“Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you, Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“Perfectly Imperfect We have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path. Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind  there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey. I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered  we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are. Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.”
“You are essentially who you create yourself to be and all that occurs in your life is the result of your own making.”
“The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also .but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“LAW 46 Never Appear Too Perfect Appearing better than others is always dangerous, but most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses. Envy creates silent enemies. It is smart to occasionally display defects, and admit to harmless vices, in order to deflect envy and appear more human and approachable. Only gods and the dead can seem perfect with impunity.”
“The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.”
“I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth diminishing your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“LAW 25 Re-Create Yourself Do not accept the roles that society foists on you. Re-create yourself by forging a new identity, one that commands attention and never bores the audience. Be the master of your own image rather than letting others define if for you. Incorporate dramatic devices into your public gestures and actions – your power will be enhanced and your character will seem larger than life.”
“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Everything is hard before it is easy”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“The discontent and frustration that you feel is entirely your own creation.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”
“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”
“Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!”
“After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn’t it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it? This is how I answer when I am asked—as I am surprisingly often—why I bother to get up in the mornings.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth a war, is much worse. When a people are used as mere human instruments for firing cannon or thrusting bayonets, in the service and for the selfish purposes of a master, such war degrades a people. A war to protect other human beings against tyrannical injustice; a war to give victory to their own ideas of right and good, and which is their own war, carried on for an honest purpose by their free choice, — is often the means of their regeneration. A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for, nothing which he cares more about than he does about his personal safety, is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever-renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.”
“LAW 38 Think As You Like But Behave Like Others If you make a show of going against the times, flaunting your unconventional ideas and unorthodox ways, people will think that you only want attention and that you look down upon them. They will find a way to punish you for making them feel inferior. It is far safer to blend in and nurture the common touch. Share your originality only with tolerant friends and those who are sure to appreciate your uniqueness.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.”
“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.”
“Your complaints, your drama, your victim mentality, your whining, your blaming, and all of your excuses have NEVER gotten you even a single step closer to your goals or dreams. Let go of your nonsense. Let go of the delusion that you DESERVE better and go EARN it! Today is a new day!”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.”
“It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently.”
“When you concentrate your energy purposely on the future possibility that you aspire to realize, your energy is passed on to it and makes it attracted to you with a force stronger than the one you directed towards it.”
“ yelling doesn't make a thing any more possible.”
“Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.”
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”
“It is impossible to discourage the real writers - they don't give a damn what you say, they're going to write.”
“Make today worth remembering.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“She remembered who she was and the game changed.”
“Make your work to be in keeping with your purpose”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.”
“Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice – now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! You aren’t a child anymore. The sooner you set yourself to your spiritual program, the happier you will be. The longer you wait, the more you’ll be vulnerable to mediocrity and feel filled with shame and regret, because you know you are capable of better. From this instant on, vow to stop disappointing yourself. Separate yourself from the mob. Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now.”
“Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade ”
“Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.”
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.”
“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”
“Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity and fear of others. Never decide to do nothing just because you can only do little. Do what you can. You would be surprised at what "little" acts have done for our world.”
“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.”
“Ever Tried. Ever Failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.”
“Sometimes it's worth lingering on the journey for a while before getting to the destination.”
“What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.”
“Maybe I made a mistake yesterday, but yesterday’s me is still me. I am who I am today, with all my faults. Tomorrow I might be a tiny bit wiser, and that’s me, too. These faults and mistakes are what I am, making up the brightest stars in the constellation of my life. I have come to love myself for who I was, who I am, and who I hope to become.”
“We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.”
“If you think you are beaten, you are If you think you dare not, you don't, If you like to win, but you think you can't It is almost certain you won't. If you think you'll lose, you're lost For out of the world we find, Success begins with a fellow's will It's all in the state of mind. If you think you are outclassed, you are You've got to think high to rise, You've got to be sure of yourself before You can ever win a prize. Life's battles don't always go To the stronger or faster man, But soon or late the man who wins Is the man WHO THINKS HE CAN!”
“Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.”
“The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn't know about yourself.”
“Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.”
“Set the standard! Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don't even show that to yourself.”
“Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“Don’t tell me about your god with your words. Show me about your god with your actions.”
“You have the ability to choose your reactions.”
“Do what you think is right. Don't let people make the decision of right or wrong for you.”
“Times will change for the better when you change.”
“Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.”
“People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”
“If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.”
“Your opinion is not my reality.”
“Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”
“12--Lose Battles, But Win The War: Grand Strategy Grand strategy is the art of looking beyond the present battle and calculating ahead. Focus on your ultimate goal and plot to reach it.”
“Because when we give too many fucks, when we choose to give a fuck about everything, then we feel as though we are perpetually entitled to feel comfortable and happy at all times, that’s when life fucks us.”
“And worse I may be yet: the worst is not So long as we can say 'This is the worst.”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing…changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.”
“God helps those who strut their stuff.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift  YOU!”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen nineteen and six , result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery”
“Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”
“Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.”
“If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”
“I will be generous with my love today. I will sprinkle compliments and uplifting words everywhere I go. I will do this knowing that my words are like seeds and when they fall on fertile soil, a reflection of those seeds will grow into something greater.”
“‎Today is a new day. It's a day you have never seen before and will never see again. Stop telling yourself the 'same crap, different day' lie! How many days has that lie stolen from you? Seize the wonder and uniqueness of today! Recognize that throughout this beautiful day, you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.”
“God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.”
“My atheism, like that of Spinoza , is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”
“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
“remember that trying is eighty percent of doing something. So try and don't give up, because not giving up is the other twenty percent.”
“Just for the record: happiness is not bullshit.”
“Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.”
“Sometimes, when people have a low opinion of their own worth—or, perhaps, when they refuse responsibility for their lives—they choose a new acquaintance, of precisely the type who proved troublesome in the past. Such people don’t believe that they deserve any better—so they don’t go looking for it. Or, perhaps, they don’t want the trouble of better. Freud called this a “repetition compulsion.” He thought of it as an unconscious drive to repeat the horrors of the past—sometimes, perhaps, to formulate those horrors more precisely, sometimes to attempt more active mastery and sometimes, perhaps, because no alternatives beckon. People create their worlds with the tools they have directly at hand. Faulty tools produce faulty results. Repeated use of the same faulty tools produces the same faulty results. It is in this manner that those who fail to learn from the past doom themselves to repeat it. It’s partly fate. It’s partly inability. It’s partly … unwillingness to learn? Refusal to learn? Motivated refusal to learn?”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“If you can’t believe in miracles, then believe in yourself. When you want something bad enough, let that drive push you to make it happen. Sometimes you’ll run into brick walls that are put there to test you. Find a way around them and stay focused on your dream. Where there’s a will, there’s a way.”
“If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember ~ the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.”
“How would your life be different if You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day You pay attention to what you feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Either you run the day or the day runs you..”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“How would your life be different if…You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day…You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.”
“Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”
“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”
“What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?”
“When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?”
“When we mentally give a person, place, or point in time more credit than ourselves, we create a fictitious ceiling. A restriction over the expectations that we have over our own performance in that moment. We get tense. We focus on the outcome instead of the activity and we miss the doing of the deed. We either think the world depends on the result or it's too good to be true. But it doesn't and it isn't. And it's not our right to believe it does or is. Don't create imaginary constraints. A leading role, a blue ribbon, a winning score, a great idea, the love of our life, euphoric bliss  Who are we to think we don't deserve these fortunes when they're in our grasp? Who are we to think we haven't earned them? If we stay and process within ourselves, in the joy of the doing, we will never choke at the finish line. Why? Because we're not thinking of the finish line. We're not looking at the clock. We’re not watching ourselves on the Jumbotron performing. We are performing in real time where the approach is the destination.”
“The greatest revenge is massive success.”
“You have to lift a person up before you can really put them in their place.”
“الأحلام التي لا تدفعك للتحدث عنها بشغف هي أحلام ناقصة”
“Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.”
“Sometimes we forget about our own advantages because we focus on what we don't have. Just because you have to work a little harder at something that seems easier to others doesn't mean you're without your own talents.”
“Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true”
“What others think about you is none of your business.”
“The most powerful magic of all is choice.”
“Sex is a powerful intent to create: the creation of pleasure, creation of love, and ultimately the creation of life. It connects and syncs two beings emotionally, physically, and mentally and is one of the strongest expressions of love that exists in this World.”
“Your own setbacks aren’t what they first appear to be; rather than viewing them as failures, view them as learning opportunities that are the building blocks for future preparation.”
“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“We are exactly what our history made us to be.”
“الأمنيات التي لا تتحقق بسرعة تمنحنا وقتا للدعاء والتأمل”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“ The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so. He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful. If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living . I am not speaking, of course, of the beauty which strikes the senses, of the beauty of qualities and appearances. I am far from despising this, but it has nothing to do with science. What I mean is that more intimate beauty which comes from the harmonious order of its parts, and which a pure intelligence can grasp.”
“It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.”
“Seize the wind," I whispered. "Don't become the kite that never flies.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“Don't let the tall weeds cast a shadow on the beautiful flowers in your garden.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.”
“‎Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”
“Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.”
“Align yourself with people that you can learn from, people who want more out of life, people who are stretching and searching and seeking some higher ground in life.”
“Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss you miss, you'll land in the stars.”
“A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.”
“In traveling, a companion, in life, compassion,'" she repeats, making sure of it. If she had paper and pencil, it wouldn't surprise me if she wrote it down. "So what does that really mean? In simple terms." I think it over. It takes me a while to gather my thoughts, but she waits patiently. "I think it means," I say, "that chance encounters are what keep us going. In simple terms.”
“We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.”
“Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.”
“As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.”
“Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.”
“People in general would rather die than forgive. It's that hard. If God said in plain language. "I'm giving you a choice, forgive or die," a lot of people would go ahead and order their coffin.”
“One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.”
“Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.”
“Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy”
“You don't have to get it perfect, you just have to get it going. Babies don't walk the first time they try, but eventually they get it right”
“You can lose your MONEY. You can lose your FRIENDS. You can lose your JOB and you can lose your MARRIAGE and still recover as long as there is HOPE. Never lose HOPE.”
“Orang yang tidak pernah dibakar panas mentari, mustahil menghargai rimbun berteduh - peribahasa Turki.”
“You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.”
“لا يمكنك أن تُنجز شيئا إذا أعطيته نصف وقتك ولا يمكنك أن تحب شخصا إذا أعطيته نصف قلبك”
“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
“It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.”
“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”
“Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.”
“Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!”
“Not all dreamers are winners, but all winners are dreamers. Your dream is the key to your future. The Bible says that, "without a vision (dream), a people perish." You need a dream, if you're going to succeed in anything you do.”
“The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them. If your dreams do not scare you, they are not big enough.”
“Everything is within your power, and your power is within you.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“At school, new ideas are thrust at you every day. Out in the world, you'll have to find your inner motivation to seek for new ideas on your own.”
“You can't hang around waiting for somebody else to pull your strings. Destiny's what you make of it. You have to face whatever life throws at you. And if it throws more than you'd like, more than you think you can handle? Well then you just have to find the heroism within yourself and play out the hand you've been dealt. The universe never sets a challenge that can't be met. You just need to believe in yourself in order to find the strength to face it.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.”
“Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.”
“Perfection does not exist -- you can always do better and you can always grow.”
“Despite everything, it's still you.”
“I conclude therefore that, fortune being changeful and mankind steadfast in their ways, so long as the two are in agreement men are successful, but unsuccessful when they fall out. For my part I consider that it is better to be adventurous than cautious, because fortune is a woman, and if you wish to keep her under it is necessary to beat and ill-use her; and it is seen that she allows herself to be mastered by the adventurous rather than by those who go to work more coldly. She is, therefore, always, woman-like, a lover of young men, because they are less cautious, more violent, and with more audacity command her.”
“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”
“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”
“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“We can’t help the way we’re born. We can’t help what we are, only what life we choose to make for ourselves.”
“What we perceive about ourselves is greatly a reflection of how we will end up living our lives.”
“Success is a poor teacher”
“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”
“I will heighten my life by helping others heighten theirs”
“Do the things you used to talk about doing but never did. Know when to let go and when to hold on tight. Stop rushing. Don't be intimidated to say it like it is. Stop apologizing all the time. Learn to say no, so your yes has some oomph. Spend time with the friends who lift you up, and cut loose the ones who bring you down. Stop giving your power away. Be more concerned with being interested than being interesting. Be old enough to appreciate your freedom, and young enough to enjoy it. Finally know who you are.”
“Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.”
“We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.”
“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
“Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.”
“A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.”
“I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the world needs you to change it.”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Do it first and feel about it afterwards.' - Dagny Taggart”
“Never allow your mind to wander untamed like a wild animal that exists on the basis of survival of the fittest. Tame your mind with consistent focus on your goals and desires.”
“Grateful souls focus on the happiness and abundance present in their lives and this in turn attracts more abundance and joy towards them.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.”
“A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value. I read that in a book." "If you keep staring at me, I'll hit you." "I only became part of your team recently when I replaced Sasuke, so I don't know everything that's going on. I don't really understand people either. But even I can tell that Naruto really loves you. Naruto's been shouldering that promise for a long time I think he means to shoulder it for the rest of his life. I don't know what you said to him, but it's just like what's been done to me - it feels like a curse. Sasuke causes Naruto pain, but I think you do too." "Sasuke is only helping spread his darkness across the world. Letting him live will only sow the seeds of another war. He's just another criminal now. Sasuke lost all hope of coming back when his group, Akatsuki, attacked our village. Your fellow Konoha shinobi would never accept him now. Sakura's not stupid, either. She understands the position he's put us all in. That's why she came out here, to tell you herself.”
“I’ll detach myself from the crowd if it hinders my growth, I’ll fall from the tree that won’t let me grow.”
“Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves.”
“No one rises to low expectations”
“Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?”
“When admiring other people's gardens, don't forget to tend to your own flowers.”
“One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.”
“‎By reacting from fear instead of responding from love, you inject poison directly into the veins of your relationship.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.”
“It is better to aim high and miss than to aim low and hit.”
“It’s time to care; it’s time to take responsibility; it’s time to lead; it’s time for a change; it’s time to be true to our greatest self; it’s time to stop blaming others.”
“When I face the desolate impossibility of writing five hundred pages, a sick sense of failure falls on me, and I know I can never do it. Then gradually, I write one page and then another. One day's work is all I can permit myself to contemplate.”
“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
“How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.”
“Life itself is simple it's just not easy.”
“You've been given the innate power to shape your life but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!”
“You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.”
“Therefore it is unnecessary for a prince to have all the good qualities I have enumerated, but it is very necessary to appear to have them. And I shall dare to say this also, that to have them and always to observe them is injurious, and that to appear to have them is useful; to appear merciful, faithful, humane, religious, upright, and to be so, but with a mind so framed that should you require not to be so, you may be able and know how to change to the opposite.”
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day…You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.”
“Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity”
“If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?”
“Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.”
“The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.”
“Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.”
“A different vantage point gives us new information, and with that information we can begin to change our approach.”
“A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“You don't have to be great to get started but you have to get started to be great.”
“All worries are less with wine.”
“What would have become of Hercules do you think if there had been no lion, hydra, stag or boar - and no savage criminals to rid the world of? What would he have done in the absence of such challenges? Obviously he would have just rolled over in bed and gone back to sleep. So by snoring his life away in luxury and comfort he never would have developed into the mighty Hercules. And even if he had, what good would it have done him? What would have been the use of those arms, that physique, and that noble soul, without crises or conditions to stir into him action?”
“Your feelings wouldn't get hurt if you were honest with yourself”
“The way you live your day is a sentence in the story of your life. Each day you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.”
“Until one is committed there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back, always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of initative or creation, there is one elementary truth that the moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves. too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would otherwise never have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in ones's favor all manner of incidents and meetings and material assistance which no man would have believed would have come his way. Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace, and power in it.”
“Most people think the biggest sacrifice, the greates act of love you can give is to die for someone. And probably it is. But Sometimes it is the opposite. The biggest thing you can do for someone is to live.”
“Once you start recognizing the truth of your story, finish the story. It happened but you're still here, you're still capable, powerful, you're not your circumstance. It happened and you made it through. You're still fully equipped with every single tool you need to fulfill your purpose.”
“When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.”
“The purpose of fear is to raise your awareness not to stop your progress.”
“Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.”
“Although I deeply love oceans, deserts and other wild landscapes, it is only mountains that beckon me with that sort of painful magnetic pull to walk deeper and deeper into their beauty. They keep me continuously wanting to know more, feel more, see more.”
“When you do what you love, the seemingly impossible becomes simply challenging, the laborious becomes purposeful resistance, the difficult loses its edge and is trampled by your progress.”
“I may not be where I want to be but I'm thankful for not being where I used to be.”
“You know you're doing what you love when Sunday nights feel the same as Friday nights .”
“NEVER be surprised by your own success!”
“We only live once. We all have an expiration date after that we will never come again. I am not saying that to make you sad. I am saying that so you can cherish each moment in your life and be grateful that you are here and you are Special”
“The moment you become friends with your inner Self, you realize that the failures or hindrances that you met earlier were caused more by your disconnected status with your inner Being.”
“Your agreement with reality defines your life.”
“I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.”
“The value of a moment is immeasurable. The power of just ONE moment can propel you to success and happiness or chain you to failure and misery.”
“Change is in the air. This change reminds us that we are made and beautifully sculpted by the same power that orchestrates the change of season. Let this be the season you embrace and align yourself with this change.”
“If you intend to change, decide what you want and live your life accordingly.”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.”
“But when your sword breaks, you draw your dagger.”
“People who don't see you every day have a hard time understanding how on some days--good days--you can run three miles, but can barely walk across the parking lot on other days,' [my mom] said quietly.”
“If you do whatever it takes to accomplish your goals to live the life you desire, It will be worth it. I promise! But if you find some excuse to justify quitting your journey, you will regret it. This is also a promise!" -gbb”
“I do not care about happiness simply because I believe that joy is something worth fighting for.”
“The best way to succeed is to have a specific Intent, a clear Vision, a plan of Action, and the ability to maintain Clarity. Those are the Four Pillars of Success. It never fails!”
“If you have the courage to be honest with everyone, including yourself, you may hurt a few people's feelings, but they will forever value your opinion more than your half truths.”
“Having uncompromising belief also means safeguarding your own spirit, defining who and what you want in your life.”
“If you get clear on the what, the how will be taken care of.”
“Purposeful planning is most effective when you are actively seeking and getting feedback from those whose judgement you trust and respect.”
“People change for two main reasons: either their minds have been opened or their hearts have been broken”
“Just because I'm doing what I love, doesn't mean It's always going to be fun.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.”
“If only we had the certainty in our strength that we do in our weaknesses and capacity for failure - oh how wonderful life would be”
“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
“You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year.”
“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
“When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.”
“Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.”
“Today is yours to shape. Create a masterpiece!”
“A person doesn't have to change who he is to become better.”
“Live your vision and demand your success.”
“I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.”
“Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.”
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.”
“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
“Search for contentment in each person you meet.”
“Change is the parent of progress.”
“What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!”
“The first place where self-esteem begins its journey is within us.”
“Today stretches ahead of you waiting to be shaped. You are the sculptor who gets to do the shaping. What today will be like is up to you.”
“When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.”
“Your hopes, dreams and aspirations are legitimate. They are trying to take you airborne, above the clouds, above the storms, if you only let them.”
“Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!”
“Live life with a purpose and live it full out.”
“I hear you say 'Why?' Always 'Why?' You see things; and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?”
“Never confuse someone else's inability to do something with its inability to be done.”
“Each day offers you an opportunity to overcome obstacles and fears in your life. Those victories, however small they appear, are significant and don’t need to be measured against or compared with those of someone else. They stand on their own as important measures of your own personal capabilities.”
“أن تحاول مرارا لا يعني أنك غير قادر على النجاح بل يعني أنك غير قابل بالفشل”
“Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.”
“Superhuman effort isn't worth a damn unless it achieves results.”
“you don't have to be great to get started but you have to to get started to be great”
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living out fears.”
“If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“You're never ready for what you have to do. You just do it. That makes you ready.”
“The only easy day was yesterday.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.”
“Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don’t let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness”
“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Sometimes you're drowning yourself in your own words.”
“A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.”
“When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.”
“Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!”
“As with all other aspects of the narrative art, you will improve with practice, but practice will never make you perfect. Why should it? What fun would that be?”
“It is not enough if you just live life as it comes to you like a floating leaf in a pond. Make use of the powers bestowed in you and soar like an eagle.”
“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
“To be is to do.”
“In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.”
“Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.”
“In the modern workplace, you gotta be a jack-of-all-trades. Mastering your career is all about being adaptable, versatile, and always learning.”
“Want to make waves in the business world? Then you gotta be bold, take risks, and always be ready to pivot.”
“They say that the first step to success is setting clear goals. Well, I've got plenty of goals - like finally getting that corner office with a view, and firing my most annoying colleague.”
“They say that success is a journey, not a destination. But let's be real, the destination is pretty sweet - especially if it comes with a six-figure salary and a company car.”
“Professional development is important, but let's not forget about the most important kind of development - personal brand development. Because in the modern workplace, it's not what you know, it's who knows you.”
“Don't just climb the corporate ladder, master it! And if anyone tries to push you off, show them who's boss and climb even higher.”
“Success is not just about hard work, it's about working smart. So, take a break from the grind and strategize like a pro.”
“If you're not driving business growth and profitability, then you might as well be a houseplant. So get out there and make some money, honey!”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.”
“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“The price tag you put on yourself decides your worth. Underestimating yourself will cost you dearly.”
“Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!”
“Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.”
“Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.”
“Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.”
“Free yourself from the inauthenticity and disempowerment of your story.”
“Never run from the truth. It is always there; it never changes – save your energy.”
“Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.”
“There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you.”
“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
“Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one   quitting!”
“Action is the universal language of success.”
“I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in”
“Despite what you may believe, you can disappoint people and still be good enough. You can make mistakes and still be capable and talented. You can let people down and still be worthwhile and deserving of love. Everyone has disappointed someone they care about. Everyone messes up, lets people down, and makes mistakes. Not because we’re inadequate or fundamentally inept, but because we’re imperfect and fundamentally human. Expecting anything different is setting yourself up for failure.”
“Success is not just about what you achieve, but also about how you impact others. Be a leader, inspire those around you, and leave a lasting legacy.”
“The Key to Success is Action”
“If you are going to be successful, you need to give up the phrase, "I can't" & all of its cousins, such as "I wish I were able to.”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“If you're early, you're on time. If you're on time, you're late.”
“To achieve career mastery, you must first master yourself. Take the time to assess your strengths, weaknesses, and goals, and then chart a course for success.”
“If you want to achieve career mastery, then you need to be willing to put in the work. But don't worry, the view from the top is totally worth it.”
“The modern job market is like a game of musical chairs. You need to be the one with a chair when the music stops, or you're out of luck.”
“The workplace is like a battlefield, and you need to be a warrior to survive. So arm yourself with knowledge and fight for your place in the corporate world.”
“If people just took it a day at a time, they'd be a lot happier.”
“Without desires and dreams, your thoughts do not matter and you can think whatever you want to.”
“التسامُحُ أجملُ أنواع النسيان”
“If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.”
“The lust for comfort kills the passions of the soul.”
“If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.”
“The road to success is always under construction.”
“Do not compromise yourself and put your goodness in the same impermanent category as whatever circumstance happening. Be the best you in every circumstance.”
“The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!”
“You don't have to be a hero to accomplish great things---to compete. You can just be an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reach challenging goals.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“Have you had a failure or rejection? You could get bitter. That's one way to deal with it. Or you could just get BETTER. What do you think?”
“إذا أردت أن تتفاعل حقاً مع من تعاملهم ، يجب أن تفهمهم قبل أن تطلب منهم أن يفهموك”
“We are mathematical equations where your life is the sum of all choices you've made until now. The good news is you can change the equation so that you start making a difference in your life.”
“It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.”
“A good self-esteem level is mostly dependant on how we value ourselves without any bias.”
“Leave your excuses and live your dreams!”
“Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.”
“God didn’t give fear a body. God gave love a body.”
“A person today who seems to have a great sense of self-esteem has his or her childhood days to thank for it.”
“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
“When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.”
“We have come here together so that you might know, through virtue of your own pain, your own hopelessness, your own fear, your own darkness and the lie of powerlessness, the very actual power of your own will, of the will of your soul.”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“You must take responsibility for removing I can't from your vocabulary.”
“It will be better to spent our energy on reality; the tangible facts, not thoughts of the past.”
“If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.”
“Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among maicians”
“Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week. I call it being professional. Do it right, with a smile, or don't do it.”
“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
“Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it  you have to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.”
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest accomplishment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”
“It is a profound and necessary truth that the deep things in science are not found because they are useful; they are found because it was possible to find them.”
“Write this down: My life is full of unlimited possibilities.”
“Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s life”
“What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“There has never been a meaningful life built on easy street.”
“If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.”
“When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.”
“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
“The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.”
“Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.”
“You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.”
“I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.”
“Success is not only dependent on understanding your own skill-set. It’s also important to recognize the talents of others and know how to profit from them.”
“Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.”
“The mind can't delete what the heart won't let go of.”
“Something hit me very hard once, thinking about what one little man could do. Think of the Queen Mary — the whole ship goes by and then comes the rudder. And there's a tiny thing at the edge of the rudder called a trimtab. It's a miniature rudder. Just moving the little trim tab builds a low pressure that pulls the rudder around. Takes almost no effort at all. So I said that the little individual can be a trimtab. Society thinks it's going right by you, that it's left you altogether. But if you're doing dynamic things mentally, the fact is that you can just put your foot out like that and the whole big ship of state is going to go. So I said, call me Trimtab.”
“Things do not happen TO you. They happen THROUGH you. You are the co-creator of everything in your reality.”
“While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.”
“Success necessitates sacrifice.”
“I can’t help you, I can only guide you, and you are the one who can help yourself.”
“You are a beautiful soul wrapped up in a human body. It’s your job to unwrap, and find your soul again.”
“The people who really make you angry, control you!”
“You don't have to be good at something to be liked.”
“Every sunrise is priceless and you can experience the richness that life holds only when you live life to the full instead of just being an onlooker.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“How would your life be different if you began each day by thanking someone who has helped you? Let today be the day You make it a point to show your gratitude to others. Send a letter or card, make a call, send a text or email, tell them in person do whatever you have to do to let them know you appreciate them.”
“Life’s a marathon, not a sprint.”
“How would your life be different if You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!”
“Every challenge you encounter in life is a fork in the road. You have the choice to choose which way to go - backward, forward, breakdown or breakthrough.”
“Let today be the day that you become committed in being, in doing, in getting, achieving, in experiencing. Let today be the day that you are committed to being the change you wish to see and living the life you wish to live.”
“Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.”
“If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got.”
“Prepared for the worst,but still praying for the best”
“The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.”
“لا تَقُل لي ما اسْمُك وقُل لي ما إنجازك فالإنجازات تصنع الأسماء”
“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
“Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.”
“When the going gets tough, the tough get going”
“Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.”
“The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.”
“Once you feel nice about yourself, you have planted the first seed to develop self-confidence.”
“But if we are talking in terms of making progress in life, we must understand that "good enough" is very different from "best.”
“Time waits for no one.”
“The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.”
“The purpose of empowerment is to urge you towards freedom, to help each of you to break free of all limitations. It is that freedom that will give you eternal happiness and finally connect you with the unconditional realization of TRUTH.”
“الفاشلون يتحدثون عن آلامهم والناجحون يتحدثون عن آمالهم”
“Fear has the role we give it. We are able to empower or poison ourselves to whatever degree we want. This is the beauty of our design.”
“You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.”
“Whatever your calling, it's already rooted within you, and those roots can be trampled or tugged at but never removed. They grow stronger only when tended, nurtured, and most important, shared with others.”
“You can only work on yourself. Start there.”
“You can't keep dancing with the devil and ask why you're still in hell.”
“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
“The realisation that limitations are imaginary will make you strong and overpowering.”
“Yet how hard most people work for mere dust and ashes and care, taking no thought of growing in knowledge and grace, never having time to get in sight of their own ignorance.”
“I have realized that whatever good comes to me, comes from God, whatever bad comes to me, God has allowed it, and I choose to be thankful for both.”
“Self-confidence is contagious.”
“لن يفشل أبدا كل انسان يحاول”
“I must admit, that I have learned more from my negative experiences than I have ever learned from my positive one.”
“Courage is not only about finding bravery for ourselves. It is also about helping others find theirs.”
“Don't use yesterday's state of mind, to make today's decision.”
“Your circumstances do NOT define you. Expect a GRAND finale.”
“Pivoting does not mean changing your goal but rather changing your strategy to realize that goal.”
“If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.”
“Faith UP! Your purpose is GREATER than all your PROBLEMS.”
“With one kind gesture you can change a life. One person at a time you can change the world. One day at a time we can change everything.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Whenever we take a stand, we invite others who are siting on the sidelines to join us.”
“Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.”
“Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.”
“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
“The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.”
“When someone who is suffering looks to you for compassion, it's indeed a blessing; you are chosen to be their Light in a moment of sorrow.”
“I would rather live short and right then long and wrong.”
“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
“There are two things essential if you want to enhance your Jedi self-confidence: 1/ belief that it is possible 2/ that self-help is the best help”
“Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process.”
“Every great leader can take you back to a defining moment when they decided to lead”
“Feelings are real. They often become one’s reality. But they are not always based on truth.”
“Never engage in gossip, it kills your soul, and wounds another’s heart”
“A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.”
“Whatever you do, do something positive.”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“You be as angry as you need to be," she said. "Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Not your grandma, not your dad, no one. And if you need to break things, then by God, you break them good and hard." He couldn't look at her. He just couldn't. "And if, one day," she said, really crying now, "you look back and you feel bad for being so angry, if you feel bad for being so angry at me that you couldn't even speak to me, then you have to know, Conor, you have to know that it was okay . It was okay. That I knew. I know , okay? I know everything you need to tell me without you having to say it out loud. All right?" He still couldn't look at her. He couldn't raise his head, it felt so heavy. He was bent in two, like he was being torn right down through his middle. But he nodded.”
“The difference between being mediocre and achieving excellence is you.”
“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
“A failure is always in the passenger seat in his or her life.”
“Pursue your goal. Opinions be damned.”
“At any given point you can release your greatest self. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Don’t let anyone dilute you. Don’t be peer pressured into being less than you are. People willing to dilute themselves for the sake of others is one of the great tragedies of our time. Stop letting others define and set the pace for your life. Get out there and be your best. Do your best. Live your best. Make every day count and you’ll see how exponentially more exciting, thrilling, successful, happy and full your life will be.”
“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
“The difference between those who adapted and those who didn't, Gorton said, was a willingness to totally commit.”
“How many of us stop short of success on purpose? How many of us sabotage our own happiness because failure, while miserable, is a fear we're familiar with? Success, however, dreams come true, are a whole new kind of terrifying, an entire new species of responsibilities and disillusions, requiring a new way to think, act and become. Why do we REALLY quit? Because it's hopeless? Or because it's possible ”
“A Master Jedi feels emotions, but they do not allow them to influence their reasoning. Yoda told Luke that he would know the good from the bad when he was 'calm, at peace.”
“You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.”
“Certain situations need a Jedi-like approach. One of these is when you are in a strange environment, usually where you feel unsure of yourself. You would be surprised how, if you walk with confidence and meaning, people will see this as a mark of confidence, yet you are perhaps shaking inside but outwardly you have the gait of a confident Jedi Knight.”
“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
“When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith .”
“If the painter wishes to see beauties that charm him, it lies in his power to create them, and if he wishes to see monstrosities that are frightful, ridiculous, or truly pitiable, he is lord and God thereof.”
“When I think how sometimes people can be brave enough to overcome any fear, any hardship, it gives me a feeling I can hardly describe. To charge right at the things that are painful and difficult, break through to the other side, and take pleasure in that - don't you think that's truly fantastic? The greater the suffering, the greater the joy in overcoming it.”
“Love is perhaps the only emotions that is boundless”
“ننامُ كثيرا أفلا نحلمُ قليلا”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.”
“Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.”
“You can perhaps, in a number of circumstances, tell yourself that you can't have more than you have until you do better than you're doing, but by all means steer clear of its reverse, the creed of defeat, in saying that you can't do better than you're doing until you can have more than you have.”
“The more clouds you have in your sky, the more colorful sunset it will be.”
“hold company with yourself so sacred that even when you are alone, you are whole.”
“We do not observe reality, we observe our REACTIONS to it. In other words: Reality is, in essence, neutral. YOU give it meaning.”
“Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.”
“In what world To live? What love To give? Is it worthy? Or will it break My heart? Everyone Seems to be Secretly evil And to try To disguise The truth With lies; It’s disappointing But still I see Something different In you; I find hope And I fall In love”
“Jedi act with confidence, move with confidence, and breathe with confidence. Jedi possess a confident calmness in their looks, attitude and behaviour.”
“The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.”
“A mind of moderate capacity which closely pursues one study must infallibly arrive at great proficiency in that study.”
“Positive belief in yourself will give you the energy needed to conquer the world and this belief is the power behind all creation.”
“Believe with all your heart that you will do what you were made to do.”
“Changes are inevitable and not always controllable. What can be controlled is how you manage, react to and work through the change process.”
“A true dreamer is one who knows how to navigate in the dark”.”
“When a human lighthouse sees you in the midst of your storm, it points you toward safety and protection. In doing so, it also sends you and uncompromising message of belief: Yes, the situation is difficult, but you are not alone. I’m standing right here with you, and I know the way home.”
“Though money cannot acquire you happiness, it does not mean that both money and happiness cannot exist together.”
“Perseverance is the act of true role models and heroes.”
“You have had a dream for so many years. Let today be the day you make a plan for it. Just think about how much more likely you are to hit your target when you finally aim at it.”
“When someone we know is afraid of judgment, we can provide a safe haven for their hopes by telling them first and foremost that we are proud of their efforts.”
“Winning is great, but if it's not enough then then you'll never have enough!”
“Whatever belief we have actually stems from the thankfulness that we feel and this feeling further attracts more happy feelings towards us.”
“Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.”
“When something poses as obstacle to you,surmount it and use it as a miracle to move on to greater height.”
“The madder it makes you, the harder you need to laugh at it.”
“Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.”
“Always have a 'Plan C”
“Your self-confidence is simply the part of your brain that tells you whether or not you should try something different or new or believe in yourself, and just as a Jedi truly believes that it is within their power to control their thoughts and stay in the Light, so can you.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs. There is no such thing as a linear life. But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
“We can’t continuously be a society of well-wishers. We must take action to bring those wishes to fruition.”
“Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.”
“How would your life be different if You could control the outcome of your day, your week, your year? Let today be the day You embrace the truth that you DO have such control to label every event in your life, and create an agreement with reality that empowers you and propels you to greatness.”
“أعْجَزُ الناس المتشائمون وأقلّهم حظاً أقلّهم أملا”
“One should measure their life by the faith they embrace and the relationships they cherish”
“You’ve got one life, one shot, and all the power to make it happen. Get ready to dream big and live big. It’s all up to you. And it starts now.”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.”
“المبدعون لا يُبهروننا فقط ولكنهم يمنحوننا الأمل ويُجددون الطاقات المكبوتة بداخلنا فَهُم الشموع التي تُبدد الظلام ولا تلعنه”
“The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.”
“The world is my church. My actions are my prayer. My behavior is my creed.”
“I have learned that the harder you fall…the higher you bounce!”
“A barrier is a limitation only when you perceive it as one.”
“Today, you have the opportunity to transcend from a disempowered mindset of existence to an empowered reality of purpose-driven living. Today is a new day that has been handed to you for shaping. You have the tools, now get out there and create a masterpiece.”
“Have faith in the universe and its capability to lead you to the path of abundance.”
“الانشغال بالألم هو توقّفٌ مؤقَتٌ عن الحياة وهو إقحامٌ ساذج للعجز في عقولنا والعظماء فقط من يرون في الألم أكبر دافع للمقاومة”
“Some years ago, I was lucky enough invited to a gathering of great and good people: artists and scientists, writers and discoverers of things. And I felt that at any moment they would realise that I didn’t qualify to be there, among these people who had really done things. On my second or third night there, I was standing at the back of the hall, while a musical entertainment happened, and I started talking to a very nice, polite, elderly gentleman about several things, including our shared first name. And then he pointed to the hall of people, and said words to the effect of, “I just look at all these people, and I think, what the heck am I doing here? They’ve made amazing things. I just went where I was sent.” And I said, “Yes. But you were the first man on the moon. I think that counts for something.” And I felt a bit better. Because if Neil Armstrong felt like an imposter, maybe everyone did. Maybe there weren’t any grown-ups, only people who had worked hard and also got lucky and were slightly out of their depth, all of us doing the best job we could, which is all we can really hope for.”
“Coming to the END of MYSELF and all SELF effort seems to be the very point that God steps in and shows HIMSELF to be more than ENOUGH.”
“Pain? Yes, of course. Racing without pain is not racing. But the pleasure of being ahead outweighed the pain a million times over. To hell with the pain. What's six minutes of pain compared to the pain they're going to feel for the next six months or six decades. You never forget your wins and losses in this sport. YOU NEVER FORGET.”
“Dear Fellow Human Being, You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed! Tell yourself, You do not deserve this! All those toxic words you have to listen from people, All those fears they try to pin on your mind, All those giggles they aim at your dreams, All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality, All those fingers pointing towards your crude character, All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations, All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free, Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it. My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility. You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
“Don't get too deep, it leads to over thinking, and over thinking leads to problems that don't even exist in the first place.”
“A story meant to motivate all and sundry irrespective of their circumstances”
“Choice forms the divider which is responsible for the formation of all futures that can be possible.”
“I want every girl in the world to pick up a guitar and start screaming.”
“God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.”
“An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.”
“On the other hand, if the future is not the one you chose then you may have to use your willpower to obtain the future of your liking.”
“Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don’t know the soul’s senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony”
“Forgive to forget, do not forget to forgive”
“قد لا يفارقك الألم ولكنك تستطيع أن تفارقه”
“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
“One thing I have learned from many years of watching my father is that some people, the best ones, are motivated more by the chance to prove themselves than by a command to serve. It is the work itself that calls them onward, especially if they believe they are the only ones who can do it.”
“War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.”
“If the world is a book, are you the hero, or just a walk-on part?”
“When life's got you down, keep your head up  you can't see the ground anyway”
“A cord that remains, always. in many ways ”
“A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.”
“During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.”
“Let them be what they want to be. Make yourselves what you want to be.”
“Those who believe in it are the ones who find it”
“If you want your prayers answered, get up off your knees and do something about them.”
“To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.”
“Strength wasn‘t about being able to do everything alone. Strength was knowing when to ask for help and not being too proud to do it.”
“Stop comparing yourself with others. If they are good at something, you too are good at something else. Self-confidence is not measured by your own capabilities versus that of others, but by your own needs.”
“Yawns are not the only infectious things out there besides germs. Giggles can spread from person to person. So can blushing. But maybe the most powerful infectious thing is the act of speaking the truth.”
“What if I told you 10 years from now your life would be exactly the same? Doubt you'd be happy. So, why are you afraid of change?”
“Concentrate more on your achievements than your failures. Learn to take the failures as opportunities to rectify your errors.”
“Each person has got a voice inside them. Communicate with it and take hold of it. Do not let it push and shove you around – you are its master!”
“You’re only responsible for yourself, Jess. And that’s the only person you can control. Other people will either get it or they won’t but you can’t define yourself by their opinions.”
“How we relate with other people is dependent on how we rate ourselves and what we think about ourselves.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“Always make your future bigger than your past.”
“Failures can be called ‘strengtheners’ as they make you determined to reach your goal with the lessons they teach.”
“According to the Law of Attraction, the physical reality that you experience at present is drawn towards the future probability you desired when it attains more power.”
“Have nuts and be nuts.”
“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
“I may not be where I want to be, but if I stop now, I'll NEVER get where I'm going!”
“Our own self-esteem is something we can actually twist in whatever way we want.”
“We've also evolved the ability to simply 'pay it forward': I help you, somebody else will help me. I remember hearing a parable when I was younger, about a father who lifts his young son onto his back to carry him across a flooding river. 'When I am older,' said the boy to his father, 'I will carry you across this river as you now do for me.' 'No, you won't,' said the father stoically. 'When you are older you will have your own concerns. All I expect is that one day you will carry your own son across this river as I no do for you.' Cultivating this attitude is an important part of Humanism--to realize that life without God can be much more than a series of strict tit-for-tat transactions where you pay me and I pay you back. Learning to pay it forward can add a tremendous sense of meaning and dignity to our lives. Simply put, it feels good to give to others, whether we get back or not.”
“Self-belief, also called self-efficacy, is the kind of feeling you have when you have, like a Jedi, mastered a particular kind of skill and with its help have been able to achieve your set goals.”
“Without adversity, there would be no growth, and without growth, there would be no lesson to be learned.”
“إن من يُحب يُهدي ومن يُهدي يحب وخير هدية هو الحب ذاته، فهو البقاء بعد الرحيل وهو الحياة بعد الموت وهو الكلمة التي لا تحتاج إلى قاموس”
“Going down in history is a dead end pursuit”
“In the spiritual world many forms of the physical universe that are potentially effective can be perceived but with regard to time, we can observe only one form.”
“There is no real world, just the one you create.”
“All my life I've been fascinated by the precipice in all of us. When you come to it, you either choose to fall or you don’t --Alvin Ailey”
“If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.”
“If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.”
“In the history of a soul’s evolution there is a critical point of the human incarnation that decides for us whether we stay there, go down or progress upwards. There is a knot of worldly desires impeding us; cut the knot by mastering desires and go forward. This done, progress is assured.”
“What if not just women, but both men and women, worked smart, more flexible schedules? What if the workplace itself was more fluid than the rigid and narrow ladder to success of the ideal worker? And what if both men and women became responsible for raising children and managing the home, sharing work, love, and play? Could everyone then live whole lives?”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“Taking the decision-making process away from people disempowers them. It also makes them much less likely to buy into the decision, however right it may be. One’s own conscience remains the ultimate arbiter.”
“Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
“Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.”
“Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!”
“But confining myself more to the particular, I say that a prince may be seen happy to-day and ruined to-morrow without having shown any change of disposition or character. This, I believe, arises firstly from causes that have already been discussed at length, namely, that the prince who relies entirely upon fortune is lost when it changes. I believe also that he will be successful who directs his actions according to the spirit of the times, and that he whose actions do not accord with the times will not be successful. Because men are seen, in affairs that lead to the end which every man has before him, namely, glory and riches, to get there by various methods; one with caution, another with haste; one by force, another by skill; one by patience, another by its opposite; and each one succeeds in reaching the goal by a different method. One can also see of two cautious men the one attain his end, the other fail; and similarly, two men by different observances are equally successful, the one being cautious, the other impetuous; all this arises from nothing else than whether or not they conform in their methods to the spirit of the times. This follows from what I have said, that two men working differently bring about the same effect, and of two working similarly, one attains his object and the other does not.”
“Five years from today, you will be the same person that you are today, except for the books you read and the people you meet.”
“I don't give up. That makes me incredibly resilient or maybe stupid or just plain stubborn. Whichever ”
“The greatest Emotion is Love. The greatest quality is seeking to serve others. The greatest gift is your own Life. The greatest pleasure is CHOCOLATE! The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is that there's always something new to learn. The greatest virtue is temperance. The greatest meditation is a peaceful mind. The greatest practice is to be Kind. education. The greatest challenge is to let go. The greatest wisdom is to be in the NOW”
“For that reason, let a prince have the credit of conquering and holding his state, the means will always be considered honest, and he will be praised by everybody because the vulgar are always taken by what a thing seems to be and by what comes of it; and in the world there are only the vulgar, for the few find a place there only when the many have no ground to rest on.”
“أحط نفسك تدريجيا بفريق من الطراز الأول من الأشخاص الذين سيجعلون حياتك بهيجة و سعيدة و غنية إلى أبعد حد. ابدأ على الفور ،،”
“One of the Secrets in Life is to Make Stepping Stones out of Stumbling Blocks.”
“ليس بالضرورة أن تكون عظيما لكي تحلم ولكن عليك أن تحلم لكي تكون عظيما”
“Do not allow hate to take root in your heart.”
“Leaders in OVER their heads is the mere result of getting ahead of their intended SEASON.”
“The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!”
“Life would have been beautiful if there weren't any problems.”
“How would your life be different if you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.”
“We often fail to see that there is an invisible wall in a relationship - Cord 10, In Between Us!”
“People often try to distinguish between personal and professional life, but they end failing - Cord 8 : Are we Computers?”
“You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses. You become outstanding by focusing entirely on your strengths.”
“A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.”
“The whole world's a canvas for our sketches Horizons as far as the mind stretches A work of art with soft edges Waiting to come alive Now's the time”
“Your only limitations are the ties you allow to bind you.”
“The strong man is not one who is good at wrestling, but the strong man is one who controls himself in a fit of rage.”
“If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.”
“Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?" -Morrie”
“The lion never fears to walk alone.”
“Never let the opinion of another affect your opinion of yourself.”
“Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.”
“Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“Success is a decision, not a gift.”
“To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.”
“If you take any step, no matter how small it is, towards achieving your dreams then you will surely find the right path and reach the abundance that lies in store for you.”
“Limitations are like mirages created by your own mind. When you realise that limitation do not exist, those around you will also feel it and allow you inside their space.”
“Your core, lying deep within you, is what makes you what you are. Some call it the soul, the Higher Self, the true self, the being and so on. The name is unimportant once you realize that you are more than your looks and outward appearance.”
“With every challenge you face, there is an opportunity hidden that will lead you towards the path of wealth and abundance.”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“When you are drowned by your sorry state, and you feel as if you are carried away from the road that leads to your desires, you should know that you are the one responsible for being led away from the right path.”
“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
“Formal education and current position can define your worthiness. What makes you extraordinary is defined by your attitude towards others.”
“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
“what if I fall? oh, my darling, but if you fly?”
“The Jedi is a practitioner of mind mastery. He realizes that whatever they are experiencing, they are creating and that they can change their lives in an instant by changing their thoughts, their focus and the way they are observing and engaging the energy of the world around them and the people who they’ve invited into their lives to play whatever roles they’ve chosen them to play.”
“Jedi are always assessing situations, actions and possibilities. Jedi don’t just think outside of the box with the help from the Force, they also adapt to situations outside of the box!”
“Jedi are conversationalists and negotiators, bringing people together and solving problems. Jedi listen and feel to what others are saying.”
“The gratitude that you feel leads to faith in the abundance and with every resonance that radiates from your mind more strong feelings of faith start to reside in you.”
“In reality there are no limitations. They are vibrant and changeable to whatever form you want them to take to realise your goals.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“Humans, unlike Jedi, are powerfully afraid of rejection. We do not survive well alone, so humans as a species are especially vulnerable to thoughts that make us afraid the rest of the “tribe” will desert us to die a sad, lonely death.”
“Gone are the days when 19-inch biceps would once command respect. A Jedi doesn’t walk around with their arms flexed and with a thousand yard stare in their eyes. They walk with a good posture, their head held high and with a serious, yet friendly, look on their face.”
“Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes.”
“Train up a child in such a way she or he should go; even when she or he is old she or he will not depart' Proverb”
“When you act on your beliefs, the realisation that happens is caused by you and this will in turn lead to a consequence.”
“Tap into ‘The Force’ and soon, at any given time that you need that extra shot of high octane confidence; you will soon be like a Jedi Master at this technique.”
“Everyday of your life is a another lesson. If you learn the lesson well and apply it; whether positive or negative, you determine what happens in your tomorrow.”
“[ ] what's the use of lying down to die as long as we can stand up and walk.”
“What is done is done for the love of it- or not really done at all.”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.”
“POEMINHA DO CONTRA Todos estes que aí estão Atravancando o meu caminho, Eles passarão. Eu passarinho!”
“Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. How would your life be different if you became open to new information that can refine, improve, enhance your way of thinking, and empower your way of living?”
“It's the days you have every right to breakdown and fall apart, yet choose to show up anyway that matter most. Don't diminish the small steps that others can't see.”
“Pure happiness and peace are at their peak when your body is in harmony with itself.”
“البسطاء لا يحبون الأضواء ولا يشعرون بالحاجة إليها فالضوء المنبعث في داخلهم يكفيهم ويشعرهم بأنهم أهم من يعيش على الكرة الأرضية دون أن يصيبهم ذلك بداء الغرور”
“Every minute doing one thing is a minute not doing something else. Every choice is another choice not made another path grown over lost.”
“If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.”
“إن كثرة تفكيرنا في آلامنا تحيلها إلى واقع حتى وإن كانت وهماً وتضخّمها في أعيننا رغم ضآلتها أحياناً .. ألم تتساءل لماذا لا تموت القردة المصابة بمرض الإيدز بسرعة؟ الجواب هو لأنها لا تعلم بأنها مريضة”
“Life seems to be fashioned and formed best out of the obstacles that seem unbearable.”
“There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.”
“Second half of the year starts NOW July 1st with the next 6 months being MORE important than the last 6 months. I Your Name promise to do all that I can to achieve my Goal . I will not sit on a corner wait I will seek my opportunity. I promise to go after my Goal with passion knowing that the clock is ticking… Sign and date”
“I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.”
“الظلال تمنحنا الراحة وكثرتها تمنحنا الخمول”
“It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.”
“The Sun never sets. It is we who rise think to shine. ”
“Small thinking and big dreams is an oxymoron”
“الحياة دون أحلام هي حياة مؤلمة بلا شك”
“The Sun-Dial at Wells College The shadow by my finger cast Divides the future from the past: Before it, sleeps the unborn hour In darkness, and beyond thy power: Behind its unreturning line, The vanished hour, no longer thine: One hour alone is in thy hands,-- The NOW on which the shadow stands. ”
“The real architect of a life is the hard and almost impossible circumstances one faces.”
“How would your life be different if You didn’t wait for someone else to fix a problem or social issue? Let today be the day You take up a cause that you feel in your heart and give your time and efforts towards that cause.”
“Failing to make it to the list of the best 5 students in class or not being named the team captain should not make anyone feel like they have failed.”
“If you believe ,you can. "But work hard to believe".”
“We don't have to take our personality so personally.”
“I'm not talented at all. It's just that I spend more time thinking about art than others.”
“Live Life Fully & Abundantly”
“For young adults,the growth from silly to serious can be very fast, indeed.”
“How far can your imagination take you? I don't know. That's up to you, but I think you should find out.”
“You can't stop dreaming just because the night never seems to end.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
“I m human, I m not perfect. Although, I make mistakes all the time.”
“Momentum builds success.”
“Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.”
“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
“Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.”
“Dust sleeping on your bookshelf and all your plants are drying out you are too busy to save yourself is your mind heading for burnout? Coffee rings on your bedside table anxiety pills under your pillowcase working round the clock to foot the bill is there no time for breakfast these days? Friends haven't seen you in a while your phone is always out of reach you're slowly forgetting how to smile is your silence a figure of speech? Life can sometimes seem to be unfair but hoping is better than you think send the message in a bottle if you dare is it so hard to not force yourself to sink?”
“Like everything else, we know the futility of money only when we have more than enough of it.”
“Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.”
“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
“Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.”
“There is nothing that works out for the worst that won't work out for the better.”
“Self -pity is the worst form of poison. It kills a person without the person realizing it ~ Aarush Kashyap”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?”
“To become, you must first believe.”
“Every single ONE of us is a unique VIBRATION in a beautiful Symphony of Infinite CREATION.”
“Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“You're going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option.”
“You and your reality are ONE. When YOU change, everything changes.”
“Success is not a question of how much power or money you have acquired. It is a question of how satisfied you are with WHO YOU ARE.”
“All work and no play will make you sad and grey!”
“You have tried to be superior in an ordinary realm. Now you must learn to be ordinary in a superior realm.”
“When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.”
“It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.”
“ Or we can blaze! Become legends in our own time, strike fear in the heart of mediocre talent everywhere! We can scald dogs, put records out of reach! Make the stands gasp as we blow into an unearthly kick from three hundred yards out! We can become God's own messengers delivering the dreaded scrolls! We can race dark Satan himself till he wheezes fiery cinders down the back straightaway .They'll speak our names in hushed tones, 'those guys are animals' they'll say! We can lay it on the line, bust a gut, show them a clean pair of heels. We can sprint the turn on a spring breeze and feel the winter leave our feet! We can, by God, let our demons loose and just wail on!”
“Procrastination is the bad habit of putting of until the day after tomorrow what should have been done the day before yesterday.”
“Acceptance makes an incredible fertile soil for the seeds of change.”
“A life without regret can be attained by full awareness of one's actions in their present moment.”
“Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.”
“Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.”
“Spirituality is for people. It’s not just for those who you might have read about in books, it’s for people.”
“Success is within reach of all people, but you can grasp it only when you realise the power within you.”
“Who should we be trying to make the most proud? Our family? Our friends? Our teachers or bosses? What about the one who molded us out of the earth itself, who formed us like clay, and instilled within us the very breath of life that shaped the universe?”
“There’s a Chinese proverb that says “Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you & embracing those that strengthen you” Your mind is like a Ferrari (Or your favorite car) it is Awesome! but if you put sand on the gas tank it won’t run. Don’t put sand (negativity) on your mind. Think positive, encouraging, uplifting thoughts, & the negative will soon evaporate.”
“There is a thin line between the impossible and the possible - that is determination.”
“Death is more uni­ver­sal than life; everyone dies but not every­one lives.”
“Circumstances, knowledge or birth do not determine the realisation of your desires. It is only you who are blocking the achievement of your dreams and goals.”
“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
“This inner Being is all powerful, intelligent, indestructible and a storehouse of knowledge and wisdom. This inner core is truly who and what you are and is perpetually trying to connect with your outward self.”
“Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse”
“be who you set out to be ”
“The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.”
“Each man follows his own path - his own destiny, if you will. And only he is responsible for the choice.”
“It so happens that at times your desires tend to disagree with the reality and this is due to the fact that you have not let the two elements complement each other.”
“Bukan sifatku untukk kalah tanpa bertarung, bahkan saat kemungkinan untuk menang tampak begitu tipis. -Katniss”
“It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.”
“If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?”
“We, as human beings, enjoy freedom of choice. Your attitude is your choice!”
“To believe in miracles in one thing to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.”
“laughing is good. so long as you are not insulting anyone.”
“The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.”
“jika sebuah mata harus dibalas dengan sebuah mata, hanya akan membuat seluruh dunia ini buta”
“mereka tidak dapat mengambil harga diri kita kalau kita tidak memberikannya kepada mereka”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“Bukan melupakan yang jadi masalahnya. Barangsiapa yang bisa menerima, maka dia akan bisa melupakan, hidup bahagia. Tapi jika dia tidak bisa menerima, dia tidak akan pernah bisa melupakan.”
“Bukan seberapa lama umat manusia bisa bertahan hidup sebagai ukuran kebahagiaan, tapi seberapa besar kemampuan mereka memeluk erat-erat semua hal menyakitkan yang mereka alami.”
“True leaders bring out your personal best. They ignite your human potential”.”
“الصداقة الحقيقية تُعيدُ تعريف المطر لأنها تأتي دون مقابل”
“MY FIVE DOS FOR GETTING BACK INTO THE GAME: 1. Do expect defeat. It’s a given when the stakes are high and the competition is working ferociously to beat you. If you’re surprised when it happens, you’re dreaming; dreamers don’t last long. 2. Do force yourself to stop looking backward and dwelling on the professional “train wreck” you have just been in. It’s mental quicksand. 3. Do allow yourself appropriate recovery—grieving—time. You’ve been knocked senseless; give yourself a little time to recuperate. A keyword here is “little.” Don’t let it drag on. 4. Do tell yourself, “I am going to stand and fight again,” with the knowledge that often when things are at their worst you’re closer than you can imagine to success. Our Super Bowl victory arrived less than sixteen months after my “train wreck” in Miami. 5. Do begin planning for your next serious encounter. The smallest steps—plans—move you forward on the road to recovery. Focus on the fix. MY FIVE DON’TS: 1. Don’t ask, “Why me?” 2. Don’t expect sympathy. 3. Don’t bellyache. 4. Don’t keep accepting condolences. 5. Don’t blame others.”
“The secret to strong leaders is that strong leaders are strong because they have been tempered by the negative. They have discovered the secret of combining the negative and the positive to PRODUCED their very own POWER plant!”
“المتصالح مع ذاته يشبه النهر الذي يستمر في صبّ مياهه العذبة في البحر المالح على الرغم من علمه بأنه لن يحيله حلواً، فهو يعلم بأن مهمّته تكمن في ري الأراضي التي يمر عليها وليس في تحلية مياه البحر”
“I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.”
“السعادةُ لا تأتي بشروط”
“معرفتك لأسباب فشلك ستوصلك إلى القمة ومعرفتك لأسباب نجاحك ستبقيك عليها”
“الأملُ ثورة فرديةٌ على الألم”
“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
“Everyone has too much of something, whether it’s time, talent or treasure. Everyone does have their own half, you just have to find it.”
“السعادة طريقة وليست طريقا”
“You have pissed your last in this house . . . and I don't make velvet roses anymore.”
“Usually people don't see beyond the surface of things and cannot understand more other than the obvious; they are used to judging a book by its cover, and that is why they don't hesitate to bully.”
“What would life be if we didn't shake and wake ourselves up once and a while”
“You don’t get what you wish for; you get what you work for.”
“Only hardship softens the hardness of the human heart.”
“The only time a man can do the right thing is right now.”
“Be disciple of depth in shallow world.”
“Strange things are always abounding. Watch and discern. There is always a lesson to be learned. ”
“The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It’s the tender understanding that we’re living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there’s quite a bit of wonder in that.”
“You cannot ‘fit yourself in’ to greatness. This can only be done by embracing and pursuing your biggest dreams and desires.”
“Life is about peeking through the veil of forgetfulness. What is hidden awakens the joy of revealing it.”
“On the road to liberation, learn to press Next. Even if there is no such an option.”
“أعرف أنك في هذه الآونة تقعين أحيانا فريسة لخوفك من الحياة أكثر من خوفك من الموت. وأعلم أنك في سبيل الخلاص من هذه المعاناة تلجئين في الغالب أكثر فأكثر لخيالك. لكن مايغيب عنك أن خيالك الآن هو بصدد تدميرك. لا يجب أن تصيخي السمع لهذا الصوت المتردد في داخلك بمديح الموت وكأنه الحل الوحيد أمامك. عليك بشجاعة المقاومة بدل الاستسلام للهزيمة. فالموت ليس الحل الأنسب للخوف والمعاناة.”
“If you want to tell the world who you are, then the world must first show what you do.”
“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”
“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.”
“Everyone has moments of weakness. But that doesn't make you weak.”
“It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.”
“Reach for the sky but keep your feet on the ground”
“Live as many lives as you can.”
“Don't be indifferent about any random idea that occurs to you, because each and every idea is for a particular purpose. it may not be beneficial to you, but can be what others are craving for”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.”
“Fear is the Fatal killer of Desire.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.”
“Dare to be a fool in the face of impossibilities.”
“Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Don't violate the law, but don't reject an idea because it's illegal. You might be able to get the law changed.”
“Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.”
“To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.”
“Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.”
“Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.”
“If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never.”
“In our worldly perceptions of Jesus, we tend to embrace the kindness of his love ('be encouraged') but not the discipline of his love ('and sin no more'). But with the whole scope of his love, or maturity in Christ, we begin relying on him for guidance where we would prefer him to walk beside us rather than behind us.”
“Viața nu e suport pentru artă. Invers stau lucrurile.”
“We learn best when we care about what we are doing, when we have choices. We learn best when the work has meaning to us, when it matters. We learn best when we are using our hands and our minds.We learn best when the work we are doing is real and relevant.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.”
“It takes understanding to be outstanding”
“One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.”
“Anytime you're afraid to try something new just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.”
“Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.”
“To achieve anything, you must be prepared to dabble on the boundary of disaster.”
“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people…and guess what? They are as boring as hell ”
“Shame and blame should have no place in our body, mind, or spirit.”
“Our perceptions are influenced by our surroundings.”
“Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG”
“Get a grip on yourself. there's only one god here on earth, and that's you. If you don't like the world, make one you like better.”
“اليأس هو آخر محاولة قبل النجاح”
“الموهبة تصنع لك بداية جميلة والإصرار يصنع لك نهاية أجمل”
“Shrug off the no’s – they are temporary. This is your world. In your world there is only yes.”
“النّصرُ لا يتأخر نحن الذين نسْتَعجِله”
“Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.”
“On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.”
“النصرُ لا يتأتّى لِمَن يُمعِنُ النظر خلفه”
“أحب مفترقات الطرق لأنها تدفعنا إلى الاختيار”
“التفاؤل قَدَرٌ لم يتحقق بعد”
“النجاح يدلّنا على الطريق والفشل يدلّنا على الطريقة”
“Submission to what people call their 'lot' is simply ignoble. If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another.”
“النهضة ليست خُرافة إذا آمنا بها وحتى الخرافات تكون مُلهمة أحيانا”
“الأفكار العظيمة هي التي تجعلنا نتحمّس من أجلها لا التي تجعلنا نغضب من أجلها”
“عندما نتأمّل فإننا نعرف دون أن نفكّر ونصل دون أن نقطع الطريق”
“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
“Along our chosen paths, we all meet up with demons. We must meet them, and battle them, even when they are nothing but mist in the night.”
“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
“I ask myself: Are Defeats necessary ? Well,necessary or not, they happen. When we first begin fighting for our dream, we've no experience and make many mistakes. The Secret of life, though,is to fall seven times and to get up eight times !”
“Don’t forget to collect the memories on your journey. Remember, if you only focus on your destination, you will miss out on the benefits of the journey.”
“Cada persona tendrá su propia lista, su propio pedazo del país colgado del corazón. Una lista larga, rica colorida, voluptuosa, fragante. Una lista con la cual contener el pesimismo; una vacuna contra la desilusión. Una lista de lo mejor de México. Una lista para despertarse en las mañanas.”
“Make peace with your past so you don't mess up the present!”
“Confidence can be learned - but not from a book. Confidence comes from from living.”
“Firestarters are flexible. They recognize situational needs and are able to flow into the accessible role identity most relevant to overcome emergent challenges.”
“I'm not happy when I'm writing, but I'm more unhappy when I'm not.”
“For this reason a prince ought to take care that he never lets anything slip from his lips that is not replete with the above-named five qualities, that he may appear to him who sees and hears him altogether merciful, faithful, humane, upright, and religious. There is nothing more necessary to appear to have than this last quality, inasmuch as men judge generally more by the eye than by the hand, because it belongs to everybody to see you, to few to come in touch with you. Every one sees what you appear to be, few really know what you are, and those few dare not oppose themselves to the opinion of the many, who have the majesty of the state to defend them; and in the actions of all men, and especially of princes, which it is not prudent to challenge, one judges by the result.”
“ [I]ron discipline does not preclude but presupposes criticism and contest of opinion within the Party. Least of all does it mean that discipline must be 'blind'. On the contrary, iron discipline does not preclude but presupposes conscious and voluntary submission, for only conscious discipline can be truly iron discipline.”
“The “Warrior Ethos” emphasizes placing the mission first, not accepting defeat, and being disciplined physically and mentally. Why? Because an American Soldier is a “guardian of freedom and the American way of life.”
“كلما زادت وُعورة الطريق كانت نهايته أجمل”
“العُظماء هم الذين انتصروا على أنفسهم قبل أن ينتصروا على الآخرين”
“عندما أفشلُ أُوقِنُ بأنني أسير في الطريق الصحيح لأن الفشل يدفعني إلى العمل أكثر”
“Never ever forget that you enlisted in the ranks – you weren’t press ganged or drafted. Nobody owes you anything – least of all respect for your work – until you’ve earned it with what you put on the page.”
“Living life ONCE is enough if you live life RIGHT.”
“Life of any real value or substance is not formed during good times merely enjoyed.”
“Don't go downhill just because it's easy. The view is only visible from the top.”
“She sincerely wishes success, for her new life, and intends that no failure of effort, temper, or spirits on her part will jeopardise it.”
“Great treasures bring out great greed in the hearts of men and great greed has been the downfall of many nations. - from "Opoponax Dreams”
“  Gunpei Yokoi, asked his boss, 'What should I make?' Nintendo chief executive Hiroshi Yamauchi replied, 'Something great.' Game Over Nintendo's Battle to Dominate Videogames”
“Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill is mission.”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“A well-written article does not make what was written factual or something to subscribe to. Fiction does not become fact because it looks good. Fiction does not become fact because you wish it were true. Fiction does not become fact because it has turned into popular opinion. Remember this before reading the news, views, opinions or commentary.”
“If you are paying someone to motivate you (seriously), you should rather pay to a psychiatrist.”
“When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.”
“Strive through your adversities with a tenacious mindset and a sincere heart and there shall surely be a great end when you get to the end unrelentingly. You shall surely leave a noble mark when you endure to the end and you shall surely smile in the end and ponder over how the journey to the end was. Note; there is no sweet fruit that is not the product of the dirty soil. No matter what, keep moving on!”
“يجب أن نمتلك القدرة على تغير أنفسنا، الجرأة على أن نكون أسياد حياتنا الخاصة، الجرأة على الانغمار في اكتشاف ذواتنا.”
“أؤمن بالقدرة، ولا أؤمن بالقدر.”
“Life isn't a struggled to know what's right. It's a struggle to do it.”
“I've had many dreams useless dreams while sleeping. Priceless are those that guide me while awake.”
“Meditate on holy scriptures if you desire to grow strong in spirit.”
“The effort you put into something is never wasted, even if it leads you to disappointing results. Your efforts make you wiser, more skilled , and more experienced and that's a positive outcome for any effort. Show yourself approved!”
“The 21st century and especially 2020 to 2030 is the most important year for India to become a world leader and India's entrepreneurs, investors, politicians and youth are the four pillars to achieve this title”
“Write down your pain with a pen on a piece of blank paper then think of the words that need improvement, you find yourself most responsible for most of your pain.”
“To be a poet in a destitute time means: to attend, singing, to the trace of the fugitive god. This is why the poet in the time of the world's night utters the holy.”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness. Third should come understanding. Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
“In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works.”
“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
“You are conditioned to believe that if you let go, if you surrender, you will either be a victim of circumstances and not assertive in your own being, or you will be viewed as being lazy, lacking in willpower, and un-motivated. Yet will and power cannot exist alongside one another. Motivation does not come into question when you surrender fully into the present moment. Motivation to do, to take action, to make moves, comes naturally from this surrender.”
“The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“At the end of the day, it’s your life. If you turn out good, the world celebrates you and with you (not minding how you achieved it). If bad, they abandon you (even if they gave you the advice that led you to doom). Just be you and follow your heart.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“When you start to accept responsibility for the results you get in life, you also take back the power to change your future outcome.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.”
“Let's always try to paint the truth   our art must be made to mean something.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“Start small and keep going.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
“Changing a Habit is Never Difficult. Difficult is to Address Your Unwillingness to do it”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“What you wish to be, be.”
“There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“Your greatness is measured by your horizons.”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM”
“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”
“We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.”
“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
“The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.”
“Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything ”
“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
“When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership”
“If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.”
“I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.”
“You can keep pondering on which thing to do first or which path to take or by simply taking action now of most any kind, you may just find yourself on the way to where you most needed to go.”
“Men's best successes come after their disappointments.”
“100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
“A man who has come to the full realization of his responsibility to men won't stick to one man. It will be foolhardy if he does that.”
“It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.”
“Perform your task and I shall know you. Perform your task and your genius shall befriend the more.”
“Failure does not connote that you achieved nothing. It denotes that you are on an adventure towards finding what will eventually advance you to the realization of your goals.”
“Be creative enough to dream, brave enough to try, persistent enough to succeed, and humble enough to thank those who helped you along the way.”
“Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves. - RVM.”
“Maybe the secret to continued success is as simple as knowing that your past successes could be done so much better now.”
“Over the years, I've come to realize that determination makes one to punch above one's weight.”
“When a man begins to do that which is assigned to him, it becomes as if he is more endowed and favoured than his fellows.”
“En la vida se tienen pretextos o resultados. Hay quienes piensan que ambas cosas valen lo mismo.”
“Busca, descubre, innova, conoce, encuentra… y sigue buscando.”
“It’s been said that legends are those who shape change into greatness; shaping change is one of the hallmarks of genius.”
“Live! Don't just Exist!!! Don't drag through Life Live each day as a Celebration.-RVM”
“The slogans “hang on” and “press on” have solved and will continue to solve the problems of humanity.”
“That failure serves a purpose!”
“Be as successful as a Smith.”
“Wisdom comes from knowing the order of things and you are the first order of your business.”
“RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily ”
“There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?”
“Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.”
“Compete like you cannot fail.”
“The first step is the most important. It is the most crucial and the most effective as it will initiate the direction you have chosen.”
“If obstacles are large, jump higher.”
“If not now, when?”
“Act like a champion, and then become one.”
“If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.”
“Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.”
“It is action that creates motivation.”
“Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.”
“If you remain static and wait for success to come to you it will certainly not happen.”
“The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.”
“Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.”
“When you think a positive thought, you become positive.”
“Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You’ve got to be committed.”
“If not you, who?”
“It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.”
“Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.”
“Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.”
“The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.”
“Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.”
“Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.”
“Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.”
“See it, feel it, trust it!”
“The only test is what you see when you look in a mirror.”
“If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.”
“The sprint is like life   blink and you miss it.”
“Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.”
“You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.”
“Are you living in the moment?”
“Are you seeking to be offended?”
“See it first in your mind, then become it.”
“Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.”
“Invest your energy in the things you can control.”
“I can only strive for what is important”
“What is an unconditional state?”
“A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.”
“If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.”
“Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.”
“Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.”
“Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.”
“They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.”
“To think is good. To obsess is bad.”
“We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent, ‘here and now,’ without any postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.”
“Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.”
“Тяжело бремя жизни": не прикидывайтесь такими неженками! Все мы выносливы, как вьючьные ослы.”
“The real beginning of influence comes as others sense you are being influenced by them--when they feel understood by you--that you have listened deeply and sincerely, and that you are open.”
“For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.”
“The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.”
“If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.”
“These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.”
“Ye are most strong, ye Sons of the icy North, of the far East, far marching from your rugged Eastern Wildernesses, hither-ward from the gray Dawn of Time! Ye are Sons of the Jotun-land; the land of Difficulties Conquered. Difficult? You must try this thing. Once try it with the understanding that it will and shall have to be done. Try it as ye try the paltrier thing, making of money! I will bet on you once more, against all Jo'tuns, Tailor-gods, Double-barrelled Law-wards, and Denizens of Chaos whatsoever!”
“To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.”
“Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.”
“PDA untuk mengurus masa”
“Jenifer always taught me that starting a job was one thing —and admirable —but that following through and completing —well, that’s where the bravery is.”
“We do not just go through life blindly,we create our own journey. Your faith has sculpted you into the human being you have become.”
“(The subjects of What Should I Do With The Rest Of My Life) "have convinced me that past failing can as easily prove preparatory as predictive. Age does not of itself limit on enable us. The choice is ours.”
“North Carolina has a monument to [Peter Francisco], and no one knows that. That's the kind of stuff that drives me.”
“Fool! The Ideal is in thyself, the impediment too is in thyself: thy Condition is but the stuff thou art to shape that same Ideal out of: what matters whether such stuff be of this sort or that, so the Form thou give it be heroic, be poetic? O thou that pinest in the imprisonment of the Actual, and criest bitterly to the gods for a kingdom wherein to rule and create, know this of a truth: the thing thou seekest is already with thee, ‘here or nowhere,’ couldst thou only see!”
“Look around you. Your world-hosts are all in mutiny, in confusion, destitution; on the eve of fiery wreck and madness! They will not march farther for you, on the sixpence a day and supply-demand principle; they will not; nor ought they, nor can they. Ye shall reduce them to order, begin reducing them. to order, to just subordination; noble loyalty in return for noble guidance. Their souls are driven nigh mad; let yours be sane and ever saner.”
“Create the things you wish existed”
“The way I see it there’s two types of people, those who spend their lives trying to build a future and those who spend their lives trying to rebuild the past. For too long I’d be stuck in between, hidden in the dark.”
“I deserve it all, the good and the bad.”
“Look at love! Look at how love has danced to merge two souls who were once scattered and shattered into pieces and ashes.”
“Once I get into my silence because of you, your existence will not matter to me when I reemerge.”
“I could waste my time counting all the hurts that you have caused me. But I choose to rebuild myself by counting all the strong points that I still have in me.”
“As the earth yearns for rain, so does our clime yearns for MEGA leaders”
“Real understanding starts when we begin to realize that trust moves the world.”
“Saying “whatever” or “whenever” will only lead you to wherever.”
“Pouč se, narovnej se, zvedni hlavu a jdi dál.”
“Don't stop believing in your dreams and never you stop working towards your goals for that dream of yours to come true.”
“To correct them is good, but it will be better to encourage them to change.”
“Struggle is the price of success, and success is the reward of struggle.”
“Let your Life be a reason for others to Live!”
“In a world full of useless words, we need actionable words.”
“Respect is not for sale. You can gain respect by being polite and courteous to others.”
“Obstacles are commonplace; anyone striving for success will inevitably face them; however, if you remain steadfast, you will ultimately be triumphant.”
“The path to success and failure often look very similar. Success doesn't mean it's the end, and failure doesn't mean it's the end either. What truly matters is having the courage to keep going. It's better to try something original and fail than to succeed by copying others.”
“You get to choose whether you tell a story that exhausts you or one that energizes you.”
“The night may be long and dark, but it can never stop the dawn. Don't let the darkness of the night overwhelm you. The brightest light awaits at the end of the darkest tunnel. The darkest tunnel tests your faith, the brightest light rewards your courage. The night is not the end, but the beginning of a new day. Every sunrise brings new hope, new joy, and new ways to make your life better.”
“As wonderful as it is to have clarity, I want to reach back to my younger self, through the years and past all the pain I put myself through. I want to go back and somehow shorten the winding road she’s starting down. I would go to the night she sat pointing at her Bible and tell her how much intrinsic value she had, just waiting to be unleashed.”
“The inches we need are everywhere around us. They are in every break of the game every minute, every second.”
“The past is still living in the present but only as a memory. Somehow memories sustain themselves for when all else dies, memories come out as the survivors.They are the legacies of yesterday ”
“As soon as someone drivers their attention from any team to ask, "How am I doing?" he takes his concern and energy from the task and shifts them to the question of his own adequacy or deficiency. The best motivation for doing a job well is the satisfaction of doing it.”
“Love is a choice that we make every day. Friendship is a gift that we receive every day.”
“It's never about what you already know, it's always about what you can learn.”
“The sea of life is the same for everyone, sometimes it is calm and sometimes it is stormy, it is up to us to choose how to experience it”
“So long as you can be talked out of yourself you deserve to be.”
“History flows through us. We need only gaze inward to glimpse the future's unwritten pages.”
“The future is a feast prepared from the fruits of today's labor.”
“Each sunrise offers a new canvas, blank and brimming with potential.”
“Every inventive dream conjured today illuminates the possible pathways of tomorrow.”
“Strong people are the ones who can smile for others’ happiness.”
“The support of others can get you to the top, but you still you have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.”
“The support of others can get you to the top, but you still have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.”
“We have every opportunity to lead our lives beyond mediocrity when infused by a greater purpose than our own. Persist. Persist. Persist—with the greatest good at heart.”
“Seek the solution for a problem, not the problem again”
“The more you focus on others' flaws, the more you lose sight of your own strengths.The more you focus on your own strengths, the more likely you are to inspire others to do the same.”
“Hello read and buy this book is always ready to contribute a great impact in your life.”
“Why doubt yourself due to the mere opinions of fellow humans who, also, by nature, doubt themselves?”
“A rich person who hates the poor should not forget that they are the creations of same creator who made him rich.”
“Life is not about finding someone beautiful, it is about finding someone who makes your life beautiful.”
“No one motivates like a mentor.”
“Take a moment to reflect on all that you have overcome, all the times you thought you couldn't go on but found the strength to keep moving forward.”
“Choose any sport or entertainment that stimulates your mind and body. At least, commit to one.”
“Don't play to compete. Play to have fun.”
“If it's giving you stress, it's not the right game for you.”
“Play often. Play regularly. But never play all the time.”
“Some games require a certain skill. Never shy away from acquiring it if you find the game worthwhile.”
“Some plays are best shared with others, while some are best enjoyed alone.”
“Your family members will not always be around to play with you. Have other external trusted parties.”
“Have a variety of games in which you engage. Variety sharpens your cognitive skills.”
“Don’t be shy to play alone when others refuse to play with you or aren’t available due to other commitments.”
“Public places are for everyone to enjoy. Never allow a bully to infringe upon your right to use.”
“Amidst life’s challenges, good souls stand tall like noble coconut trees, rising above the saltwater tides of existence. They flourish in the face of hardships and graciously share the delightful taste of kindness and positivity with all. They offer the refreshing fruit of resilience in sweetness juice and sweet flesh even in salt water and salt air of life.”
“There's nothing that you can do it or you cannot, There's only thing that you just have to do it.”
“You have to celebrate the small wins as well.”
“Step into all of you.”
“Step out of your comfort zone and take risks for true growth and transformation.”
“Your dreams have no expiration date. Chase them relentlessly, believe in yourself, and watch as they become your reality.”
“In the pursuit of knowledge, remember that learning is a lifelong journey. Seek wisdom with humility and a thirst for understanding.”
“Embrace the unfolding path of adventure, for it is in those moments that life unveils its true magic.”
“Let go of fear and allow curiosity to be your compass, guiding you towards extraordinary adventures.”
“In the realm of adventure, limitations cease to exist, and the possibilities become boundless.”
“Dive into the ocean of adventure, and you'll discover treasures within yourself that you never knew existed.”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“If they call you a dreamer, ignore them and keep dreaming. I know of a lad who was called that — he went on to become a governor of Egypt.”
“Sometimes you gotta embrace the chaos in your life in order to find the peace in it, ya know?”
“A mistake that makes you humble is better than an achievement that makes you arrogant.”
“The best time to save our environment and secure our future is today, for tomorrow may be too late.”
“Our planet's beauty lies in its diversity; let us protect it so that future generations can experience its wonders.”
“Preserving nature is not a choice; it is our responsibility towards the future we envision.”
“In the face of environmental challenges, innovation becomes our greatest ally in shaping a sustainable future.”
“The legacy we leave behind is not measured by our wealth but by how well we have nurtured and protected our environment.”
“A thriving future demands that we prioritize sustainability and embrace eco-friendly practices in every aspect of our lives.”
“Let us weave the threads of conservation into the fabric of our society, ensuring a strong foundation for the future.”
“Sustainable living is the key to unlocking a harmonious coexistence between humanity and the environment.”
“The choices we make today will either haunt or empower the future; let wisdom guide our actions for the sake of our planet.”
“Every small step we take towards environmental conservation paves the way for a brighter, greener tomorrow.”
“The clock is ticking, urging us to unite and work hand in hand to safeguard our environment and secure a flourishing future.”
“A sustainable future is not an option; it is an imperative if we wish to inherit a world worth living in.”
“The battle for a greener future begins within each individual, through conscious choices made daily.”
“Nature offers us a limitless source of inspiration and resources; it is our duty to protect and preserve them for the generations to come.”
“Let us strive to be the change-makers who steer our planet towards a sustainable future, where both humanity and nature thrive.”
“Rather than seeing each departure as permanent goodbyes, treat them as natural farewells.”
“One special gift that is often overlooked is the spirit of persistence.”
“Don't be one of those people who hates their life but doesn't have the courage to change it.”
“The winds of change whisper that tomorrow holds wonders we cannot yet conceive.”
“Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.”
“Still trust in God, even if the going gets tough.”
“How long are you going to keep watching others live their dreams without going after your own?”
“Believe in yourself and you'll be unstoppable, for within you lies infinite potential.”
“Challenges are not roadblocks; they are opportunities to discover your true strength.”
“Embrace the present moment, for it holds the power to shape your future.”
“Success is not measured by wealth or fame, but by the positive impact you make on others.”
“Don't wait for the perfect moment; create it through persistent action and unwavering determination.”
“In the face of adversity, remember that every setback is a setup for a comeback.”
“Your dreams are the compass guiding you towards a life of purpose and fulfillment.”
“The greatest risk in life is not taking any risks at all. Step outside your comfort zone and watch yourself soar.”
“Failure is not the end; it is merely a stepping stone on the path to success.”
“You possess the power to rewrite your story, so dare to dream big and write a narrative worth sharing.”
“Language has the power to weave inspiration into the fabric of our souls, painting vibrant pictures in our minds.”
“Like an orchestra of words, let your language serenade the world with inspiring melodies of wisdom and creativity.”
“Inspiration dances on the tip of your tongue, waiting to leap into existence through the magic of language.”
“Language is the key that unlocks the door to inspiration, allowing us to explore the limitless depths of imagination.”
“In a world where words are brushstrokes, let your language create masterpieces that inspire hearts and ignite minds.”
“Inspiration is the fuel, and language is the spark that sets the fire of creativity ablaze.”
“Language is not just a tool; it's a bridge that connects hearts, minds, and the boundless realms of inspiration.”
“With every word we speak, we have the power to ignite a flame of inspiration in someone's heart and change their world forever.”
“Language is the compass that guides us to the treasures of inspiration, leading us through uncharted territories of ideas and dreams.”
“Let your words be the gentle breeze that carries inspiration to those who need it most, igniting a ripple effect of creativity and growth.”
“Life is a journey of endless opportunities for growth and self-discovery.”
“Learning is the key to personal and professional success. Embrace it.”
“Find inspiration within yourself to overcome challenges.”
“Embrace the unknown and let life's unpredictability lead you to extraordinary experiences.”
“Each day is an opportunity to learn something new. Keep an open mind.”
“Inspiration surrounds us in nature, art, kindness, and within ourselves.”
“Failures are valuable lessons on the path to success. Embrace and learn from them.”
“You know the feeling, when you decide to walk a certain way, and while actually taking the walk, you lose your way and tumble across an entirely new alleyway, you listen to your soul, that mad mad gypsy soul of yours and tread along that unknown path and get mesmerized by all the beauty that surrounds that path, and thank your soul for that walk, that strange crazy step that took you there. Meantime, that mind of yours, that overzealous protective disciplinarian, keeps reminding you how you've turned your path, how you are losing on Time and perhaps a little bit of your dream's favour, only to let your heart smile upon its foolishness, oh but nothing is a dead-end, just a detour and you can take as many detours as you want because your Soul isn't bound by Time and dreams are but Stardust born of every star dying to breathe in yet again, just another dance of a death and birth of a star, a dream, a path to find and to lose, a walk, a long long walk, a thousand detours and yet each one as full of life and beautiful as the majesticity of Life is meant to be.”
“Forgiveness provide you strength Word Sorry make you calm”
“Forget what you have done, Do what is right, Think what you plan.”
“Don't trust on anyone except yourselves”
“Thr Maker made all men.”
“At the end of the day, no religion, no border, no philosophy can separate all of us. We are humans!”
“If you have nothing to give. Then give smile”
“Broken from inside. Cant be joined from outside.”
“While destination see far away, Then see in telescope and keep moving”
“The best way to reply is to make them defeated”
“While you give your best, then you can't be regerected after being failed.”
“Morning is when you wake up .”
“You will be continuous growing ,while you start blaming yourselves..”
“Don't give example.. Make yourselves as an example..”
“You can't get first untill learn failures ”
“If a person have an inability.. Then will have a super specialty..”
“Be light, to get fly..”
“When you don't win  You have option to break record of winner in next attempt..”
“Overthinking may make you mad or genius..”
“Problems are not so big which we think.”
“When hope disappears, depression sets in.”
“More darkness make more visibility of light. Similarly in group of bad people small positive step will glow and shine.”
“Wrong key never open the lock similarly wrong path will never help to get right destination..”
“Bad company will destroy you. For eg. Mercury destroy gold.”
“Every decision is ultimately a guess, some better than others.”
“If we knew what we do not know, then we most probably would not fear it.”
“Making decisions is the only antidote to decision avoidance.”
“Fear is your friend, your sous chef, your co-pilot -- embrace it!”
“Wheareas courage allows us to look at our fears, confidence allows us to walk through them even when we're scared.”
“We must endure what we ought to experience.”
“The successful among us delay gratification and bargain with the future.”
“Det är nu som gäller”
“My body is a sacred temple. I treat it with love, kindness, nourishment, and respect.”
“A dumb idea isn't dumb if it works so you might as well just try it out”
“People call me a redneck engineer because I make things that they say barely work, but I see it as finding unorthodox ways of getting things to work as I need them to”
“shit´s already broken so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t at least know you know how to take it apart”
“There's always going to be someone better than you at something, but remember that for someone Else, you might be the person that is better than them”
“It's not breaking the rules What I find makes fun. It is However outsmarting the system and finding a way around it that brings me joy and satisfaction”
“My grandma once told me that no matter how rich or poor, young or old, everyone has something they can teach you or you can learn from them, and that has led to me being respectful to anyone I meet because you never know how much you can learn from them”
“Shit´s already broken, so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t, at least now you know how to take it apart”
“Those who wish to read always find a book, there’ll new chapters, new pages and new journey to embark on.”
“Embrace the challenge of carving your own path! Not all careers are created equal, making an ordinary career into an extraordinary experience is what the journey really about”
“Leadership is all about making things to move forward, not backward.”
“The passion and excitement that I get from life, when immersed in studying something weird or unconventional, is amazing. It feels as though I’ve found a new toy to play with.”
“Have you made a practical plan for your dreams yet?”
“Yoga is my saving grace.”
“Don’t ever be afraid to promote yourself and your work. Be proud of your creations and emit that bountiful type of energy to the world. You will ultimately get it back in different forms.”
“Don't chase. Elevate your game and be someone worth chasing after”
“Dreaming big? Don’t let a bad day keep you from following through on your plans - Stay inspired and focused on your goals!”
“If you take everything to heart, happiness will deviate from your path.”
“Be so good they can't ignore you”
“be the change you want to see in the world”
“I find the stories irritating, in their own right. They so often paint the image of some lone hero, some singular legend left to his solitary climb, bearing on his own the building hardships of a violent life. It’s all ludicrous. It’s not even that I never would have made it alone. I never would have even taken the first step up…” - The Stormweaver”
“All existing paths have a creator. Be the creator of your own path.”
“I do not follow any tradition. I may stand at the beginning of one.”
“When you can't tolerate.. Then should skip immediately”
“No any glue can join broken heart..”
“Avoid is the only thing which helps to regain yourselves”
“If you unable to do then avoid ”
“Its better to choose another path rather than stop journey.”
“Anything anyone says about me is invalid and not approved by me. Only what I say about myself is true.”
“You're not everything you could be, and you know it.”
“What students need to do, is “learn to think, learn to speak, learn to write, and find something that they are excited about. If they can do that, they’re going to do well.”
“Extend your hand to those who express Gratitude not Attitude.”
“There are no enemies, just hurting people.”
“Keep trying until you reach the thought of giving up, its only then that if you try a little more will you achieve success.”
“Think of thinking.”
“A determined heart is hard to beat.”
“Do it to perfection, or not at all.”
“I am my own person, and I will not set fire to myself to keep you warm.”
“She soared high in the world of her thoughts Where no boundaries held her captive Where she was free, fiery and formidable Where she wasn't a mindless chick but an authoritative Where she wasn't just protected Where she was strong enough to be protective -Shazia Akhter”
“Joining a coterie requires no effort, but it takes every sinew to be a man of your standing”
“Fate is like a disability, either blame it all the time or accept it and work around it.”
“When things around you are going south, north, east and west just accept it and work on the nearest destination.”
“যে বিজ্ঞান স্রষ্টার তৈরি প্রকৃতির সব রহস্য ভেদ করতে অক্ষম, তাকে বাটখারা বানিয়ে সেই প্রকৃতির স্রষ্টাকে জাস্টিফাই করাটা কি নিছক ছেলে মানুষি নয়?”
“If someone insults you, just chalk it up to them being at a lost for words.”
“The person that you are today is a direct consequence of the cumulative choices that you have made over the course of your life.”
“Every day is a blank canvas just waiting for you to paint into it beautiful experiences and positive energy.”
“If you really want to unlock your potential and blaze your own career path: believe in the power inside yourself. Take risks. Don't be intimidated by failure. You are capable of so much more than you think – and as long as you keep trying!”
“In a world chasing trends, find solace in the everlasting embrace of authenticity and pure happiness.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“It's better to ask a stupid question than to make a stupid assumption.”
“The freighting thing about pursuing the truth is that all the lies that you’ve been surrounded with first must fall.”
“Change might be opportunity, instead of disaster.”
“Anxiety and depression cannot be easily treated if the sufferer has unpredictable daily routines.”
“To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and small”
“Self-love is the only antidote to the chaos of existence. And if you don’t love and care for yourself and your own needs, you will cause unnecessary suffering both for yourself and others.”
“If you are not willing to be a fool, you can’t become a master.”
“It’s better to do something badly than to not do it at all.”
“The way that you make people resilient is by voluntarily exposing them to things that they are afraid of and that makes them uncomfortable.”
“एक महान व्यक्ति हर क्षेत्र में महान नहीं होता।”
“तुम्हारा अच्छा होना, मुझे बुरा नहीं बनाता। तुम्हारा समझदार होना, मुझे मूर्ख नहीं बनाता।”
“He who seeks to reach the moon must first build his own rocket!”
“Inception is true.”
“They say when one door closes, another opens or there's a window open somewhere. But what if I keep the door closed for sometime, freeze the moment for a while, and look inside the closets of my heart and take a gentle stroll outside without walking inside of any door, or peeping inside of a window? What if the door I have been looking for has always been the lock of my mind, the key being Silence resonating in my heart only audible when the pelting of doors and windows are hushed for a while?”
“What are you willing to give up to live the life you are pretending you want?”
“I choose to live a wealthy and full life that encompasses adventure, traveling, and financial freedom.”
“The truth is, you will not be decisive in knowing what you want until you know who you are.”
“The key to attracting more physical abundance, in your reality, is to eradicate the current subconscious projections that you place on money and its identity.”
“The curricula proved by irrefutable findings prepare generations for the past, not the future. The official exams only hinder its circumvention where it only differs in the letterhead and the dates of its conduct. This is the utmost betrayal against an entire generation of hidden gems.”
“Motivation is a driving force.”
“A man can do great things if he is motivated.”
“Keep going, keep going.”
“Carry on, carry on.”
“Energy is the most penetrative force, focus on the main thing and you will climb Everest without a breathing mask.”
“It doesn't matter what happens to you on earth, just look in the sky, and look at the stars. Go deep into the galaxy, and dream.”
“Imagine that as soon as you stop, or give up, they begin to prepare your coffin, hammer, and nails, and measure the size. As soon as you run, they stop for a break and they leave the coffin alone. If you stop, or accidentally stumble, the coffin is ready for you, my friend”
“Silk threads of reflection spin from the mind entombing uncertainty; but soon you’ll emerge from your chrysalis of doubt spreading wings and sharing your beauty.”
“The voices ring out for us to take sides, and define who we ought to be, but imagine we’re music and all of our hearts sing together to bring harmony.”
“Silk threads of reflection spin from the mind entombing uncertainty; but soon you’ll emerge from your chrysalis of doubt spreading wings and sharing your beauty.”
“Silk threads of reflection spin from the mind entombing uncertainty; but soon you’ll emerge from your chrysalis of doubt spreading wings and sharing your beauty.”
“Think outside the box, then think outside that one.”
“Great things happen to those who have tremendous belief in their little dreams.”
“You are sanity, you are sentience, You are the lifeforce of destiny. You are conscience, you are concord, You are the end of animosity.”
“You aren't expected to have hope when everything seems to be hopeless.You can't look at the bright side when you feel yourself to be at the bottom of the pit.The pain you feel is there to make you stronger no matter how much you hate it and you will realize it when things become alright.But this is not the time to feel alright.”
“Kittens were the worst. They climbed your pants and smelled bad and didn’t know how to behave. They lured guys you liked into your apartment and then ruined your chances at a relationship. They were helpless, and they needed me. But I wasn’t helpless, and it was time to start acting like it.”
“Kittens were the worst. They climbed your pants and smelled bad and didn’t know how to behave. They lured guys you liked into your apartment and then ruined your chances at a relationship. They were helpless, and they needed me. But I wasn’t helpless, and it was time to start acting like it.”
“You are granted opportunity, through no effort of your own and that you therefore do not deserve, that has been granted to only a tiny fraction of those who have ever lived.”
“The fear of failing the Gods is still a fear, and fear is nothing but failure itself.”
“A true winner doesn't need alarms to wake up!”
“Grow up. Don't give up.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. Do something if you want something. Otherwise It will be your whole life.”
“The real power lies in being able to focus”
“God works through people who have their feet firmly planted on the ground”
“Life is unmanageable if you try to control stupidity other than your own.”
“There is no revolution without the people. Revolution is not achieved by firing rounds in the darkness of the night.”
“There is no revolution without the people. Revolution is not achieved by firing rounds in the darkness of the night”
“Experiences is as necessary as education.”
“Don’t let the hard days win.”
“For a whole fortnight my mind and my fingers have been working around me like two lost souls. Homer, the Bible, Plato, Locke, Byron, Hugo, Lamertine, Chateaubriand, Beethoven, Bach, Hummel, Mozart, Weber are all around me. I study them, meditate on them, devour them with fury; besides this, I practise four to five hours a day of exercises (thirds, sixths, octaves, tremolos, repetition of notes, cadenzas, etc.). Ah! provided I don't go mad you will find me an artist!”
“Today's technology was yesterday's science fiction.”
“Sometimes life can give you more than expected - a baker's dozen is thirteen!”
“A book is like a treasure chest, waiting to be opened and discovered.”
“I live never greed, world! nothing here mine, never purchased this sky, not any of these many land”
“This is overall me, that, everything which is mine, already inside of me. This is overall me, that, everything outside do not belongs to me”
“We don't meet people face to face, But waste our time on social media's embrace.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. If you want something, do something about it. Otherwise, it will be your whole life.”
“Once friends as batchmates, but now different batches divide us.”
“You may be good, but that doesn't make me bad. You may be intelligent, but that doesn't make me a fool.”
“Amidst a crowd of friends, a search for truth begins, To find the few who stand by through thick and thin.”
“Yeah, I was lame but I never stopped walking.”
“Though some may have been a part of my life before, I won't let their absence hold me in place anymore. For life is a journey with ups and downs, And I'll keep moving forward until I reach my crowns”
“As the years slip by, we can drift apart, Friends becoming strangers, breaking heart to heart. But do not despair, for this is nature's way, Ebbing and flowing, like the tides of each day. Hold tight to those bonds that stand the test of time, Cherish each moment, like a precious rhyme.”
“Sometimes we outgrow people or they outgrow us, and that's okay. Don't let the loss of a few people make you forget the happiness that still exists in your life. Love yourself, love your surroundings, and keep moving forward with grace and strength.”
“I may have lost some friends along the way, But it doesn't mean my life is in disarray. I won't dwell on what I cannot change, For I have enough reasons to be happy, not deranged.”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे , वो कर जायेंगे”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे, वो कर जायेंगे।”
“मैं देखता रहा, वो जाते रहे। फिर मैं भी चला, मगर वो याद आते रहे।”
“A great person is not great in every field.”
“They do not care about the truth. They care to fulfill their idea… They cover themselves and those they want to cover and enguilt their opponents. This is not fair. The system should change towards fairness not interests… No one can protect us from the lies.”
“I truthfully feel none of us have anyone to blame for whatever we have done with our own personal lives. It has been proven that at the age of 7 most of us have reached the age of reason—which means we do, at this age, understand & know the difference between right & wrong.”
“Follow the urge to transition from one phase of your life to the next. Whether this is inside or outside work, it’s time for intentional transformation to take place.”
“If you feel a vastness of passion towards a particular goal, you owe it to yourself to follow through with it. Because what your soul desires, is ultimately what you need.”
“Rain, books and coffee allow us to express ourselves freely.”
“Everythin' has its own time. That's what Mister Tom ses.”
“THE MOMENT YOU GIVE UP YOUR OWN TRUTH, YOU BECOME LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.”
“If at first you do not succeed, cry.”
“Blooming late in life gives you the gift of being able to sustain your blessings, success, and foundation.”
“Be yourself. Be over the top. Outlast them. Show them that no amount of fear will ever make you change who you are.”
“Let me hear your roar through these tempest of sensations.”
“—Todo el mundo quiere sentirse especial, pero nadie quiere sentirse distinto —sostiene Bogdan”
“La noche es el momento de las preguntas sin respuesta, y las preguntas sin respuesta me hacen perder la paciencia.”
“Turn stumbling blocks into stepping stones and use them to climb higher towards your dreams.”
“Every obstacle you face is an opportunity to create a stepping stone towards success.”
“Don't let stumbling blocks trip you up, use them as building blocks for a stronger foundation.”
“Life's challenges can be turned into stepping stones that lead you to greatness.”
“Success is built on the foundation of overcoming obstacles and turning them into stepping stones.”
“When life gives you stumbling blocks, turn them into stepping stones and pave your own path to success.”
“In the face of adversity, turn stumbling blocks into stepping stones and keep moving forward.”
“The secret to success is to see stumbling blocks as opportunities for growth and progress.”
“Don't let obstacles hinder your journey, turn them into stepping stones and keep pushing towards your goals.”
“The art of living is turning stumbling blocks into stepping stones that pave the way to a brighter future.”
“The end is never near Time goes on and so does life If darkness scares you today Remember the sun shines tonight”
“Salvation is as necessary as success.”
“देर से बनो पर बनो जरूर और जब बनो तो सबकी आंखों का चमकता सितारा बनो क्योंकि वक़्त के साथ लोग खैरियत नहीं, हैसियत पूछते हैं। - अभिनव श्रीवास्तव ( AbhinavSr )”
“To be a long-term friend – We must forgive the minor faults of others.” “দীর্ঘমেয়াদী বন্ধু হওয়ার জন্য- আমাদের অন্যের ছোটখাটো দোষ ক্ষমা করা উচিত।”
“The hard truth that no one ever thinks about is that understanding oneself is one of the hardest things to do in a world where normality is expected. Outside voices always find a way into our heads. Humans are the most malicious beings on this planet, solely on the words we use. It changes and shapes us into someone we don't recognize. Whether at work, at school, or even in our home lives. No matter where you are in this world, someone will always have an opinion on how we direct our lives. Which is why recognizing this as only an opinion is the most important lesson one can learn. Because there will be someone out there that will always try and control someone else's life even as their own is falling into shambles.”
“The wind of grace coming through the window and telling me to set myself free from all the cares put upon me by the world. And to take me to the heavenly land of love and life.”
“Fail until you Fail to Fail and Utilize a suggestion for what Undermines an Interest To Just Quit”
“Is not Hope the other name of Expectation? Perhaps the only difference is that it is not the Expectation from something or someone but from the One who makes Everything and Everyone. And that, that very difference makes all the Difference in the World.”
“Never get bitter, life is a medley of good and bad ingredients.”
“You're either moving forward or standing still, and if you're standing still, you might as well be moving backwards.”
“To love is to be brave. To love is to operate in your natural state.”
“Being free of hesitation is the greatest feeling in the world. Detach it and take a bigger step.”
“I'm sorry I have trust issues and it's a wise policy!”
“Everyone is free to say whatever they want. Now believe the lies. The only fact reliable is that everyone is free to say whatever they want. Human beings are created in a way that the brain thinks silently.”
“People try to prevail their own truth. And they use evil means. They torture, they threaten. What they impose as truth keeps them in power, but it is fascistic. When the truth is a strategy or a pattern is not genuine truth.”
“Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.”
“A faithful God gives hope to face unknown future.”
“Find what you love and go after it. Know where you would love to build your strength. Pursue what keeps you excited for longer than anyone else, for that’s the thing where you will start to have an added advantage over everyone else.”
“Find the game you like to play - not just to win but because it clicks with you differently. Want to check how? See what you don’t hate yourself much losing in… A game that you don’t need an excuse or an invitation to participate in. -- That’s the game you that you want to play – that’s the game you are not going to give up on! That’s the game you will be known as a player of!”
“Why” precedes “How” in all places other than the dictionary. If your why is strong enough, you will figure out how in one way or another.”
“Stop dreaming and start doing!!!”
“Poetry Is Language Dancing.”
“You are a princess. All our subjects watch us, observe us and follow the example we set. So, our behaviour should always be exemplary, as several people look up to us.”
“Keep on working until it works.”
“The moment you learn not to quit, you’ve already achieved something.”
“Find the game you like to play - not just to win but because it clicks with you differently.”
“Find what you love, find it for a long, and don’t settle until you find it. Find something you would love to fail in – because that’s where you will have the most chance (in each successive attempt) to make a big win.”
“Never give up on your goals or aspirations; approach them with a fighting spirit and determination to succeed.”
“No such thing as spare time, no such thing as free time. No such thing as down time. All you got is life time”
“Be careful where you spend your time. Be careful what you allow your soul to be exposed to. The difference is palpable. You have a choice, and if you don't, create one”
“She fell so many times that some of her friends decided that she and this whole tree climbing thing was a complete waste of time. ”She should give up, it's taken way too long”, said one friend.”
“Bukan semua salah itu adalah salah dan bukan semua betul itu adalah betul. kita takkan selalu salah dan akan disalahkan dan kita juga tak akan selalu betul dan kita boleh diperbetulkan”
“Inspiration is an attempt to solve a problem with an alternative solution if not better.”
“The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.”
“Don't argue with success. Be naked.”
“Problems are puzzles to be solved.”
“If you give up now, it won’t hurt anyone. By the same token… if you keep at it, it won’t hurt anyone either.”
“But people —the ordinary, the decent and basically honest— couldn’t get through the day without that one indispensable bit of programming, that allowed you to say one thing and mean, feel, even do, another.”
“What is a game? (Marx said) It's tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow. It's the possibility of infinite rebirth, infinite redemption. The idea that if you keep playing, you could win. No loss is permanent, because nothing is permanent, ever.”
“Call me exparagus! From head to toe, toe to head, head to toe; take your time, don't ever rush. Why rush? Time is valuable. Respect your time. Y'know what I'm sayin'?”
“Cuándo la persona que amamos nos quiere a medias, con limitaciones y dudas, la sensación que queda es más de agradecimiento que de alegría, como si estuvieran haciendo un favor. *Una buena relación no permite reparos afectivos.* Cuando el sentimiento vale la pena, es tangible, incuestionable y casi axiomático. Y seguido no pasa desapercibido, no requiere de terapias especializadas ni de reflexiones profundas. *Se destaca y se nota.* Cómo decía Teilhard de Chardin: “¿En qué momento llegan los amantes a poseerse a sí mismos plenamente, si no es cuando están perdidos el uno en el otro?” Si hay dudas, el afecto está enfermo. *Sanarlo implica correr el riesgo de que se acabe; dejarlo cómo está es hacer que el virus se propague.*”
“Women are the armour of thousands of lives that rise up and shield one another from the darkest wounds.”
“Purpose is our fuel. We constantly need to fill our tanks with this.”
“Every child born in Afghanistan is a child who comes into life a victim of war. And every parent too often puts those they love most to sleep with the uncertainty that one or all may not rise to the shards of peeping pink light again.”
“Then there is the callous side, the war-wracked sentiment, the notion that a Band-Aid was ripped from the bullet wound. The fear for what comes next, the longing many Afghans have to leave, the unraveling humanitarian catastrophe, the hunger pains fused with the ache of abandonment.”
“Somehow, we must let go of the past and remember it at the same time. We must embrace the reality that is, not the reality we want to be, and do what we can to be a helping hand.”
“We can pontificate all day about statistics and percentages and death tolls and displacement numbers, easily forgetting that numbers have names and names have faces. Each face has wrinkles that make up a map filled with tragedies to tell.”
“Little girls smile through their sadness, women weep, and hunger burns through the hollow lives of those who plead for someone, anyone, to listen to their misery.”
“What would you do if rockets barraged your home and you had nowhere to hide? What would you take if you only had ten seconds to fill a plastic bag? Where would you go if every street you turned onto was filled with fighters? Who would you save if all your children were buried beneath the rubble and crying?”
“Children still fly kites from high on the hilltop, shrieking in delight as the nylon floats off toward the sunshine as if it was the most magnificent thrill in the world. All I can think to say, hoping those small boys could hear me, is 'fly on.”
“I think of an Afghan driver I once had, a medical student who spoke whimsically of the homeland he loved so dearly but so badly wanted to leave. 'We Afghans are unlucky people,' the driver had whispered. "But we would be the luckiest people if the wars ever left—look outside at this magical place.”
“The sounds of music have dimmed into a self-censored silence. We pause, we gaze for far too long at the markets from a broken window where Kabul's finest orchestras weeks ago were still learning to play. We linger, remembering what used to be.”
“In the end, it came down to tea and talking just as much as bullets and butchery.”
“My view from the window consists of mounds of clay dried to dust. I see delicate girls wrapped in brightly colored hijabs bent over in the fiery heat, carrying heavy bundles on their heads like people in a primeval time and place. Burqa-clad beggars sit with their babies beside bombed-out roads, waiting for those passing by to throw a coin or a bottle of water their way.”
“Spend time with people who encourage you to grow, to explore new things, and who take joy in your successes.”
“The Maker makes it possible for us to move.”
“The endurance of the Moon pays the best result. The obscure moon by the cloud never stops the glory of the moon.”
“Very few people try to know themselver. And those who have been able to know themselves even a little. That peoples great. The whole world knows him.”
“Writing stories for children is not only about creating a world of wonder and adventure, but also about crafting tales that touch the hearts and minds of young readers, inspire them to explore their own imaginations, and instill in them the wisdom and courage to navigate the world around them.”
“I see the world in a different way, A gift that comes with challenges each day. My mind is wired in a unique fashion, But my pen and paper are my greatest passion. Words flow freely from my mind, In ways that are hard to define. They dance and twirl, they sing and rhyme, A kaleidoscope of colors, a symphony of time. My writing is my voice, my soul's expression, A way to communicate without hesitation. It's a bridge that connects me to the world, A gift that helps me to be heard. Though my struggles may be many, My writing is a place where I feel plenty. A space where I can be myself, And share my thoughts without anyone else. So I'll keep writing, day by day, And let my words light up the way. For in my writing, I find my strength, And the power to go to any length. I have a non verbal learning disorder, A condition that can make life harder. But when I write, I feel free, And my words help me to be me. My writing is a gift that I treasure, A source of joy that brings me pleasure. It's a way to express what's in my heart, And share my thoughts in a world apart. In a world that often misinterprets, My writing is a way to connect. It gives me a voice that's loud and clear, And helps me to overcome my fear. For though my words may stumble and falter, They are the key to my soul's altar. A place where I can be myself, And share my thoughts with anyone else. So I'll keep writing, day by day, And let my words lead the way. For in my writing, I find my voice, And the strength to make my own choice.”
“Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Spread kindness, and be the creators. Of a world that’s loving, and full of compassion, A world that’s peaceful, and free of aggression. We’re all human, and we all have a heart, It’s time to break the barriers, and make a new start. To see beyond our differences, and embrace our similarities, To build a world of unity, where we all can live in clarity. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s come together, and be the regulators. Of a world that’s inclusive, and free of hate, A world that’s accepting, and celebrates diversity’s fate. It’s time to listen, and hear each other’s stories, To understand the struggles, and the pains and the glories. To walk in each other’s shoes, and feel the empathy, To create a world of justice, where love is the remedy. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread love, and be the cultivators. Of a world that’s kind, and filled with grace, A world that’s caring, and never loses pace. We’re all a part of this world, this community, It’s time to break the walls, and embrace our unity. To see that we’re all equal, and our differences make us unique, To build a world of harmony, where love is what we seek. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread positivity, and be the creators. Of a world that’s bright, and filled with light, A world that’s hopeful, and never loses sight. It’s time to stand up, and be the change, To fight for what’s right, and never act strange. To speak out against hate, and spread love instead, To create a world of kindness, where love is always led. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread joy, and be the motivators. Of a world that’s happy, and filled with laughter, A world that’s peaceful, and never loses its character. It’s time to unite, and hold each other’s hands, To build a world of love, that forever stands. To lift each other up, and never tear down, To create a world of love, where love is always found. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread hope, and be the liberators. Of a world that’s free, and filled with love, A world that’s caring, and always above.”
“We are the wolves, the hunted and the hounds. In the face of religion, we stand our ground. For too long we've been told what we should believe, But our hearts and our souls will never deceive. We reject the dogma and the fear they instill. We refuse to be bound by their holy will. We embrace our freedom, our love, and our truth. And we'll fight till the end, for the right to choose. We'll howl at the moon, and dance in the night. We'll live our lives, without fear or fright. We'll break the chains, and shatter the mold. For we are the wolves, fierce and bold. So let them come, with their crosses and their swords, We'll stand our ground, and we'll face their hoards. For we are the wolves, the hunters of our fate, and we'll never bow down, to their religious hate.”
“Vengeance is mine saith my pen.”
“If the people around us are supportive, life becomes easy. If they’re toxic, life becomes hard. Easy or hard, life can change in a moment and that moment may come anytime. Change claws its way out, anyhow. Nothing is constant here.”
“Drumul învingătorului e înainte! Chiar dacă ar călca pe cadavre.”
“When things are in order, they're easier to deal with.”
“When you can leave the past behind you, the future vividly awaits”
“Like a favorite song, old dreams keep on playing in my mind They've waited for so long, for their time to finally arrive I do believe now's the time, I've gone years and years without really living Minding squeaky wheels just giving and giving And dreaming, Like wildflowers growing through sidewalk cracks The weight of the world makes 'em change their tracks To find, the sun, and shine Now, now, now's the time”
“If you have a destination in mind. Start taking minor steps everyday.Leaving too much distance to cover before the deadline will leave you grasping for breath and neither here nor there.”
“Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.”
“Do not ever let someone tell you that you can’t do something — not even yourself.”
“As the discoid star slips into a band of blues, it disperses all its hues. Toying with the masses, it flicks honey gold flashes. Then comes to bloom, nature’s own moon.”
“You have always been useless. But that doesn't mean you aren't necessary. What do you mean? Happiness can depend as easily on useless things as useful ones.”
“Trust me Earth is not your Home as there is nothing as delightful as we are looking for. and on top of it these things successfully confusing us like a Mirage in a deserte so awake awake ”
“Trust me Earth is not your Home as there is nothing as delightful as we are looking for. and on top of it these things successfully confusing us like a Mirage in a deserte so wake up ”
“Those who try… Try again… and Try one more time… Are bound to succeed.”
“To develop your thoughts, it is necessary to develop your insight towards those developments”
“Learn to live and fight alone.”
“Read to live the life you want. Embrace every page and start over again.”
“All the pain that came with loving was absolutely worth it. What was the point of living if you spent it in fear?”
“Ignore Haters;They will become Fan one day”
“Your Journey to the top gets easier. You only start feeling better as you pursue”
“They will tell you that you can't do it when they know that you can.”
“There is enough courage for existence.”
“Don't limit yourself; clipping your wings won’t make you a free angel.”
“A mentally strong woman is a game changer, she brings comfort, confidence and a go-getter.”
“Women’s freedom is a definition of whole world empowerment. Their rights provide access to societal changes and contribute power to eliminate injustice decision-making.”
“The smarter you are, the lonelier you will become.”
“It's unsurprising that intelligent people spend the most time with themselves because, as the saying goes, we are the average of the five people we spend the most time with.”
“Self-doubt is the way to self-discovery.”
“The best ideas are always found in unremarkable places.”
“We want to make sense of everything, even when it's not meant to.”
“When day comes, we step out of the shade of flame and unafraid. The new dawn balloons as we free it. For there is always light, if only we’re brave enough to see it. If only we’re brave enough to be it. The Hill We Climb: An Inaugural Poem for the Country”
“The people who helped the most in difficult times should never be ignored after achieving a successful life because they are your already tested successful supporting force which can lead you towards greater success in your life.”
“Make the rest of your life the best of your life”
“There will always be someone who can't see your worth. Don't let it be you.”
“Difficult times are always followed by new challenges, we must face them head on and continue on our path to a prosperous life.”
“We all are an element of water With full of dripping emotions.”
“Seeing my book mentioned in different interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted. Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It is never too late.”
“Experiment with life by exploring and trying new things.”
“It is OK not to be OK..It is ok to be tired, angry & sad..Then we reflect & decide to rise like a Phoenix!”
“–It's when you're acting selflessly that you are at your bravest.– I understand now. He wasn’t persuading me to give up. He was reminding me why I couldn’t-because I had to protect Al.”
“Take the risk or lose the chance”
“Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Funance”
“Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Furnace”
“Don’t be anxious to move along with your wrinkles. They just indicate that you’ve reached the next level.”
“Svemir neće sve sam, moraš i ti malo.”
“Ako se danas ne boriš, sutra nemoj da plačeš.”
“Justice is a criminal circuit that rapes innocents with electricity framing them as guilty… Never take part in legal procedures! You do not need laws to be ethical! Only criminals need laws! To condemn innocents & break them invisibly!”
“Living From Your Art is POSSIBLE!!!”
“I feel bad for you, experiencing such troubles. Let's look up as we move forward, though. You're fine the way you are. You have dreams so you'll be all right. You're not alone. If you keep walking, you'll find your path. Everyone is cheering for you. As you do your best, you shine. You'll succeed if you keep moving ahead with positive thinking; so, let's walk toward tomorrow together. The future is bright. We're people, we're people, we're people. . .”
“Do you know how they make the strongest sword? They hammer it flat then hold it to the fire.”
“It's funny, haha. Time consuming oil.”
“If there is a winner. he cannot become a winner. Only one who was once a loser can become a winner.”
“Seeing my book mentioned in various interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted. Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It’s never too late.”
“Your comfort zone isn't nourishing you anymore. What are you going to do about this?”
“Refuse to let yourself succumb to the irrelevant judgment of others, and do not let the fear of standing out from the crowd paralyze you into living a monotonous and average life.”
“If someone else can do it, why can't you?”
“Change is how we grow & we owe it to ourselves & our companies  in other words it is one of the smartest survival strategies! I genuinely believe that the ones that succeeded in passing change were not necessarily smarter or more talented than the others but learned to efficiently maneuver around obstacles they found in their path & demonstrated consistency, stamina, patience & passion”
“I have been always captivated with the business leaders’ stories of growing post setbacks “Phoenix like leaders” where their leadership was sharpened via the perseverance & resilience they demonstrated at tough times, their determination, curiosity opens the door for unlimited & sometimes untapped potential  The true essence of growth mindset!”
“They told me I can’t…They ignited my determination..”
“Don’t give away what you stand for.. It is who you are .. So do not lose yourself”
“If it makes you nervous, you’re doing it right.”
“If you fall, do not forger stay down. May you find inner strength to rise again.”
“May you find inner strength to rise up whenever you fall.”
“A man is created to fellowship with his Marker.”
“Sometimes all we need to do is simply remind ourselves of how good we have it right now and joy would naturally flow within us  Ingratitude is the result of forgetfulness.”
“Without downs ups are just flats”
“Business is simply a series of problems temporarily impeding a desired outcome.”
“Gratitude and satisfaction are not mutually exclusive; you can have enough and still stay hungry.”
“Never allow your current limitations to influence your future potential.”
“Focus on the behaviors, and the results will follow.”
“Poetry is an expression of high and low emotions.”
“Do not be afraid to start something new and be a beginner/student again.”
“I am content, relaxed, creating, and focused on watering my own garden.”
“You're not trapped where you are. Your mind is tricking you.”
“The moment that you consciously decide to terminate the repetitiveness of diminishing all that you are, because of outside and inside noise, is the moment that you will officially take control of your own narrative.”
“You have the right to create an identity that transcends labels, breaks ceilings, and encompasses an infinite amount of traits at once. Here you will meet the most enlightened parts of yourself.”
“Do not be afraid to start something new and become a beginner/student again.”
“All my life, she said, I have been told ‘go’ and come.’ I am told how I will live, and I am told how I must die. I must be a man’s servant and a mare for his pleasure, or I must hide myself behind walls and surrender my flesh to a cold, silent god. I would walk into the jaws of hell itself, if it were a path of my own choosing. I would rather die tomorrow in the forest than live a hundred years of the life appointed me.”
“Remember, if you tolerate mediocrity, then that's all you'll ever achieve! This applies to everything from self-talk to goals, so don't let the past determine your future.”
“There is nothing like the courage to act.”
“Well, I know what it's like when bad stuff happens - really bad stuff. But the thing is, when it comes down to it, it's not the bad stuff that's important. What's important is how you deal with it.”
“Leer van mensen die het hebben laten zien”
“We weten allemaal dat het leven een keer voorbij is – waarom maken we er niet het beste van? De enige vijand die staat tussen ons en het bereiken van onze dromen? Wijzelf.”
“Pas als je geest fit is, kun je echt ruimte maken voor fysieke en financiële groei.”
“Angst overwinnen is het begin van wijsheid”
“Een tevreden geest is de grootste zegening die een mens in deze wereld kan hebben”
“No matter your situation, if you are still alive, God wants you to keep living! Hold on, hang there but hope in the Lord God, who is able to do more than you ask or think of! Cast all your cares upon the Lord for he cares.”
“Deep restlessness is far more important and powerful than simple ambition or raw intelligence. It is the foundation of resilience and self motivation.”
“I thought about my very first paying gig at Earnest Way and how nervous I was then and how I’m still afraid now but for so many different reasons. I think in the beginning, I was afraid of failing. Now, I’m scared of the critics being right about me  I realize then  I need to stop running, quit being afraid and just surrender to my passion.”
“A religion which cannot benefit a person before death cannot benefit him after death either”
“There are no blank words. Just blank pages.”
“Health is a good as happiness.”
“There is nothing like the gifts God gives.”
“The Lord our God has blessed us, therefore we shall serve him with joyful hearts.”
“What is right is more important than who is right. Craving to be always right erodes the stature of a leader.”
“It bothers me. There’s a stigma, especially for guys. Especially for guys who are about to hit thirty. It’s not that I want to be a . . . you know . . .” He can’t bring himself to verbalize it. “But it’s hard to meet people when you have social anxiety as bad as I do. I panic. Or I want to say one thing, be a certain way, but it gets all tangled up on its way out of my mouth. A pumpkin trying to be flowers and coming off like a cactus. It’s frustrating. “You’re much more flowers than you are cactus,” I tell him, meaning every word. I hope he believes it. “But for what it’s worth, pumpkins are the best.”
“Endings are overrated.”
“Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. Your potential is limitless, and the only thing holding you back is your own belief in your abilities. Breathe, deeply, and allow your true potential to awaken, exhale deeply and let your breath guide you towards a life of meaning and fulfillment, a life you deserve.”
“Start believing in conspiracies, because those who have the power conspire, and they keep their power by having people not believing in conspiracies”
“You become a slave if you fear to fight that's why the strong crave to conquer. If you want to be strong conquer yourself because if you can do that you can conquer the world. If you fear to address your thoughts then you will never address the thoughts of others, and if you can't do that then you'll never be able to make your mark known.”
“Never sit home all day go forth, meet people, and find something to get into because that is where true experiences develop. But remember the best experiences are things that develop social intelligence, personal fun, and can make you grow as a person.”
“May the Maker extend his mercies to all mankind.”
“Mój ojciec wynalazca zawsze mawiał, że przeszłość jest dla teraźniejszości święta, a teraźniejszość zawsze poświęca się dla przyszłości. Czyli według jego słów - jeżeli poświęcę jutrzejszemu dniu teraz, jutro będzie piękne i słoneczne.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“Do not limit yourself to things that may lead you to successful path. The self-limiting beliefs will hinder you reaching to your goals. Think once!”
“Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.”
“If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it. Go ahead!”
“Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.”
“Success is no accident . It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all  love of what you are doing . Tribute to the legend Pele”
“The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.”
“It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.”
“Believe in yourself that you can and you will! As there are no limits to what we as women can achieve.”
“Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely. Think once!”
“Self-confidence will give you that success which no other way can help, it is the prime key. Look into the mirror, say- Yes! you can Think once!”
“The Best Way to Predict Your Future is to ….. Create It”
“Exude power when you should, not when you can !!”
“The road appears with the first step !!”
“Tiny changes. Remarkable results.”
“Not everyone’s opinion matters, Not everyone’s perceptions are equal.”
“It’s important to think of what it means to powerfully and successfully rise to challenges, and all that it requires: determination, clarity, and steering clear of victim mentality”
“Wrong assumptions occur from limited knowledge. A person should have a complete view before shaping an opinion about someone or something…”
“Your worth is not measured by your income level, job status, job title, productivity, popularity, or performance ratings.”
“It is very difficult and, in many cases, ultimately hopeless, to try to be kind to people who are unkind to you. But if you give it a try, it is not impossible and it is the noblest thing to do.”
“We humans don't regret on what we have done, we regret of how foolish we were.”
“You are the source of happiness.”
“Humans must be skeptics in order to find truth. Because there is always something that lies beneath…”
“What you have now, it will have to be enough”
“Always believe in your dreams and never give up!”
“I believe I can make it On my own Thanks to my inherent tendency To do miracles The Waxing”
“They make you as they are because it’s the only thing they know and then they tell you it’s your fault because they are jealous you are better than them. But the truth is it’s never your fault. It’s their fault”
“Our independence lies on total dependent on Almighty God.”
“Don't be intimidated by your opponents, be driven by your own strength.”
“Through you, through you, through you   The magic works through you. Not beside you. Not around you. Not for you. Not despite you. But through you. You have to go there. You have to choose your stage. You have to do your dance. Putting yourself in place, to any degree that you can, even if it scares you, even when it's "hard," even if it's just your big toe. Stretch yourself, scoff at the odds, get the ball rolling so that the magic can then come alive and sweep you off your feet with its infinite grace and glory. You wouldn't just carry around the seeds for the garden of your dreams in your pocket, all the while asking where your flowers were? Nope, you'd have to brave the elements, you'd have to choose the location, and then you'd have to go there. Your life is your wand.”
“Through you, through you, through you the magic works through you. Not beside you. Not around you. Not for you. Not despite you. But through you. You have to go there. You have to choose your stage. You have to do your dance. Putting yourself in place, to any degree that you can, even if it scares you, even when it's "hard," even if it's just your big toe. Stretch yourself, scoff at the odds, get the ball rolling so that the magic can then come alive and sweep you off your feet with its infinite grace and glory. You wouldn't just carry around the seeds for the garden of your dreams in your pocket, all the while asking where your flowers were? Nope, you'd have to brave the elements, you'd have to choose the location, and then you'd have to go there. Your life is your wand.”
“I used to tell my kids, there are TWO ways to make the best sandcastle. Work hard to make the best sandcastle you can, motivating other kids to do the same and then improving your sandcastle as needed. Other is simpler; just go knock down everyone else's sandcastle so your little pile of sand is the best.”
“Master the mind with meditations.”
“Let us leave no effort. let us give it our all we will chase our dream like mad men and mad women, who have the gall.”
“Everyday when I go to bed, it's my year end and when I wake up it's my new year”
“The moment today is a memory tomorrow.”
“Memories are more important to me.”
“Different kinds of people getting along can achieve wonderful things together.”
“Shoot your shot when it comes to your career. Don't be afraid of rejection. You have to move past that fear.”
“Aim higher. You're thinking too small.”
“Deepen your understanding of life, expand your knowledge, and open your mind up to the unknown. You are ready to receive the wisdom and personal growth that comes with this evolution.”
“सफलता का मार्ग तलाशने से नहीं मिलता, मंजिल तक पहुंचने का मार्ग अपने सोच विचार से मिलता है, उसे अपने दम पर ही मजबूती से बनाकर आगे बढ़ना होता है, याद रखें एक छोटा सा बीज चुपचाप प्रकाश की ओर बढ़ने के लिए खुद को एक वृक्ष में बदल लेता है ।”
“If you can begin to see your life as a feedback mechanism that is reflecting who you are, with the ultimate goal to help you live better and more fully. All of a sudden you realize it was never the world standing in your way but your own mind.”
“If you can begin to see your life as a feedback mechanism that is reflecting who you are, with the ultimate goal to help you live better and more fully. All of a sudden you realize it was never the world standing in your way but your own mind.”
“In conclusion of my story the purpose of writing it is to help you,by motivate, inspire, giving hope of finishing strong nomatter how hard is it, trust God the master of everything that he will make you come out strong in those situations as he done to me and others hang in there it almost done,you'll come out shine like a gold on that fire I promise you your name will change If you know as weak, useless ,unvalued person after trials you going to be on heardlines of news everyone will ask about you and they going to look at you high and low remember one thing all praise unto God who created Heavens and Earth never forget him on your ways humbleness must be you sheild to escape God's anger.”
“You are only right when your timing is right, but you are never right when your timing is not right, no matter how hard you struggle to get your timing right.”
“May the mighty one be merciful to all men.”
“Champions are men and women who refuses to fall back even in the midst of setbacks.”
“People oppose you when you uncomfort them… When you don't reciprocate their actions. Or when you point their guilt. They tell bad things about you exaggerating. You can tell more bad things about them but you don't do it… to be positive”
“You can pray wherever you are; God hears every prayer.”
“Seek what you cannot achieve, and you will find what you can.”
“Doing the right things at the right time will bring the right results.”
“Allow yourself the grace to change your mind, goals, and perspective whenever you feel called to.”
“Rejection is indeed projection.”
“Extremely complex individuals are not here to be understood. They are here to be felt on a profound level. Whether that's through their existence or their creations. That is something that they will have to come to terms with in their lifetime.”
“It's not the events but the perceptions of those events that decide the polarity of our energy.”
“It's one thing to have a spinal cord, another to have a backbone.”
“My words are not for the rich businessmen and women, bureaucrats, fashion models, and other affluent people living in our world. My words are for the strugglers, and the fighters, who need them to continue the fight against injustice, oppression, inequality and discrimination by an insensitive world.”
“Between the pillars of the known and unknown, there are millions of perceptions.”
“Some people die today to live tomorrow.”
“People who don't know driving can only blow horns.”
“No leader can take the company forward if the company remains stuck in its past glories.”
“Our thoughts have the energy to light the candle and burn the hand. It all depends on how we handle them.”
“The best utilization of gas in your car is to move in the direction of your destination.”
“Success is always relative; in isolation, everyone is a winner.”
“It does not matter if we do not have an immediate answer. What matters is if we have the right question.”
“The outcome of a day with white spaces is far greater than a packed day extending to long working hours.”
“We do have the option to make use of our time more intelligently.”
“Every day you have the choice of how you want to start your day.”
“Busyness draws more emotional energy from our reserves than it fills back.”
“If the busiest person in the office is the CEO, it only means that either the leadership has failed to create evolving systems or the leadership itself has failed.”
“And to have a purpose, to be willing to die for a cause—was that the highest form of living?”
“I touched peaks impossible.”
“We are a shrine to our destiny. What we achieve depends on what we do”
“What makes you different is your golden ticket.”
“Just because you've presented yourself as this person for a large amount of time, doesn't mean that you have to remain that way. You have the freedom to completely transform in all ways.”
“You create and define your own reality. You have more choice than what you have been taught.”
“To whoever needs to hear this: It's never too late to change directions. Life isn't a linear path. So do not stifle your potential by staying in a lane that doesn't fit what you want for yourself anymore.”
“Romanticizing the past will keep you stuck in a cycle that you were meant to grow and move on from for awhile now. You're delaying the inevitable and pushing away what was sent as a helping hand. Don't keep yourself trapped in memories or you will continue to stay in a state of deep dissatisfaction with your present and future life. That's not what you want for yourself, correct?”
“I am very aware of everything that I'm worthy of. Therefore I walk, talk, act, and emit that type of energy in my life. That is how you attract what you desire and what you're deserving of with ease.”
“Confidence will take you places you never thought was possible to reach.”
“Knowing when to let go, and actually doing it, is an essential skill that can be developed. However, it requires you to have a lot of trust in yourself.”
“There is no time machine To see What happened In the past; If you can Invent it; But all they invent Is lies And fake evidence; There are no crimes Reasoning is easy when no one can know Justice Is A Joke (Time Machine) / Apocalypse Revolution”
“If you want to make history, then first stop making excuses- the only thing that lagging u behind. Analyze capabilities, take first step & choose a different way of making things happen.”
“…Fakat gözyaşlarımızdan utanmamızın gereği yoktu; çünkü gözyaşları insanın cesaretlerden en büyüğü olan acı çekme cesaretine sahip olduğunun kanıtıdır.”
“People who are busy with the husk of the past lose the opportunity to sow in the future”
“The root cause of every war is the difference in perspectives”
“The easiest way to complicate things is to overthink”
“By crying you get more attention with my Zulu language we use to say (ingane engakhali ifela embelekweni) means uncrying baby can die on his mom comfort,you need to express your feelings special to God . That what I does and still do more then that it work very well for me it will do the same for you too these stories sometimes may not make the sense to you or not understand it but it very true and it works for other people. If there's other option beside this I would tell you that love does and true friendship is and sharing is carring will make a better world.”
“Someone you know may tell you "Why are you stressing out about it? My situation is worse". But really, the truth is that everyone has their own struggles. Struggles are not something that can be compared.”
“Fate is an elevator if you click on the luck button, it will rise up to and unless you work hard with passion”
“The cost of believing is far less than the cost of believing in believing in yourself.”
“The emotions healing is in you,the moment you going through in some situation when the cloud of it passed away after recorgnising that you didnt died on the table of it.The important thing to do is to smell the coffee by seeing that the cloud is passed away and you real alive then choose to Live and do with all means to recorver, that's the real healing and what I did. See! the professional help or third hand just swip the floor as God created human fearfuly and wonderfuly that what he does for human fullness of healing within himself with natural recorvery all it based on our believe.”
“You know what? the secret about all of these is the hard journey of life have graudute of growth beyond. The thing is, it help to allow it and it make things easier by preventing delay of process the faster you learn is quicker to be promoted yes no one knows how to prosper in it as we didnt knew how we cought in it the wise thing is to use that statement, ride the car of believe. What if I tell you that the one who started the work will finished it?that what bible says, remember God is Alfa and Omega (Beginning and End) his whom I'm telling you about, hope I'm not confusing you about this.”
“I said the results in all of this is growth we grow spiritual, emotional and mental for an example if you didnt use to pray you going to do it,if you use to think things in a light way you going to think in deeper way avoid to take things easier and emotions will become sharpne knows when to take cover in order to be safe in being hurt if it does will doing it more finally it conquer heart, two ways of heart conquered by your choice depend on how you come out on situations,better choose right and pray to come out as suppose that will give God glory as I said we live to fullfill his will.”
“The purpose of hard stuations is growth as I mentioned but it not always used to be like that depends on person who go through in it other people when feel pain become obidiant while some of them become unobidient as bible says we like clay in God hands in him we same it up to you that how do you take the process that why I said it not his fault that you come out crushed or perfect that your decision either you choose obidience or being disobidience by not allow him to build you remember if you not comes out as he expected he going to through you away as you were going to do.”
“Don't Complain about your life when you are the one who is handling it.”
“Busyness is a self-destructive tool humans have invented to create an illusion of success”
“Technology is becoming self-sufficient and humans more independent”
“We conserve what is available in abundance (energy) and waste what is limited (time)”
“Ironically, we sell our time to earn comforts — comforts that we do not get time to enjoy”
“Power is the difference in wealth or influence. Humbleness is to ignore the difference, even if it is there”
“As our energy levels drop, our comfort zones become smaller”
“Trying to be someone or aiming to be a professional pretzel is exhausting”
“You are not bound to Birth & Death but to This & That.”
“If arguing was a sport, I would love to lose it every time to win friends.”
“Throughout our life, we chase ownership to disown everything one day.”
“What's the meaning of ownership after you cease to exist?”
“Changing perspective is as important as building one because circumstances change, as do the facts and people.”
“An argument is a bottomless well. When someone jumps inside the well expecting to  obtain pearls, they find filth instead in their hands.”
“Allow yourself to think, reflect and strategize in the white space moments.”
“Changing our perception can change the polarity of our energy.”
“It's a gift of peace, to know through darkness sees the light Like the sterling moon, gleams bright up high in the eventide Now's the time To take every moment on the fly Gonna look life straight in the eye And make each and every dream come alive Now's the time”
“We must master ourselves unless we'd prefer to be mastered by someone or something else.”
“I revel in the beauty that God has given me of which there is no end.”
“Keeping negative energies and people at the bay will solve all your problems!”
“It is amazing how the Powerful God provides.”
“Don't be too stubborn to change, change is law of life.”
“Other people use to say we learn from mistakes indeed it where we grow although it feel like you gonna die in the mist of situations and you feel like you never make it the secret is the victory waiting to meet you outside,see life is tricky like that when times goes on you reach on understanding that you need to be thankfull with all the journey that you walked through after see the results of it turns a fruits of that tree in a hardly way. It not that I'm trying to make you fear it just a reality of life it beffer to know your enemy tricks will help you to see what you dealing with and how you need solve it?”
“Now it my time to thanks God openly with my rough life journey if I didnt go through in it I wouldnt speak with you here, reach things that I have right now and become person that I am when I compare my life before and after it improved a lot and I'm so greatful it make me agree that there were no mistakes on passing on those situations the thing I like the most is the person I became. Now I can boost,motivate you on your own journey I'm a best person to tell you bolde now that in patient there's success by trust and believe in God you never loose and it your arrow & sheild.”
“What motivates us? Challenge. What moves us? Challenge. What makes us better and stronger and more courageous? Challenge. Embrace the challenge, people!”
“Choose whether you'll approach life half-ass or kick-ass. There really is no in-between.”
“The time we spend here on earth is like a droplet in a pail of eternity. Yet that one droplet affects all the others in that bucket.”
“To be distracted by the agendas or opinions of others is to keep us at a distance from our dreams.”
“I want to mean something, to leave my mark, to rest in the assurance that people were better off having known me.”
“Maybe prayer isn't just SOMEthing we can do in certain situations. Maybe it's the BEST thing.”
“Don't stop until you get five-finger clarity on your values and beliefs.”
“Failure is a necessary step on the path toward success.”
“We must look within ourselves in order to look beyond ourselves.”
“A restless mind makes for a ruffled pillow.”
“The irresponsibility of others must not hinder us from doing what is right and good.”
“Naivety can lead to disillusionment. But disillusionment can lead to learning.”
“Things aren't always as they appear. We must realize the bigger picture.”
“When we get comfortable, we stop growing. When we stop growing, we start dying.”
“ prizes are nothing. My prize is my work.”
“There's times when I thought running away and looking for handout will help till I learn that running away increase problems handouts doesnt fix anything It where i stand firm with a bold like lion face tell it that I'll come in it shine like a gold scares will be my promotion as God authorise me. My lesson on that were never fight awardless battle like battling permanent situations.Now welcome and give situation a room will not stay forever if so you'll be safe in your room and learn to live with it to save your breath and time.”
“I know you wanna ask me about fears,Oh my friend fears became history the moment I beaten left and right being hurt upside and down automatically gone pains push me to the edge of being bold, shortly that process reveal the real me I believe that what God wanted and planed about me the secret that I can tell you is I enjoy it a lot if you can ask me that if my past me come back Can I asept it? The answer is never! I feel like the new me were missing puzzle cause it rocks darling.I promise after testing this you'll fill the same I wish you to experience it”
“Don’t allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. The mind gives up easily.”
“It is far better to fail while trying new things than to succeed doing nothing.”
“You cant find any Shop,factory or school of building human character without rough journey or hard situations college that comes in life as it heppens to me and other people it will come to you too, not that it for some certain people it for everyone. Human character needs to be shaped, prooned or builded for some work that we send to do in living that is other plan of God so you can't escape it as you did'nt escaped to be born the better thing to do is to pray for it process to be done successfully , I know nothing will stand on it cause it God's will but will going to help you to gain strength you need.”
“For those who never be in the labor ward where everyone arrival at hospital or any where baby delivered.The helpers who help mother to deliver the baby they focus on that process heppen to be successfully cause the life& death of mom and baby involved them on that moment while they are hands they use to praying heartly in order to keep mom alive and well while the baby's arrive the moment baby arrival use to cry that is very important cause that tell them that baby is alive if this not heppening they force it to be heppen by that I mean crying is starting gear of everything.”
“New babies great world by crying and all living things express thier feeling with it what that means crying is connection network from Earth to Heaven we passing message of live, pain,trouble &happiness, same tears make God stand up in Heaven,from the bible before Jesus Christ crusified cried blood tears that doesn't stop crusified process but it gave him strength to fullfill his mission, God himself command woman to teacher their doughters to cry.Who's the most crier? women ask yourself if you not do it, did you alive or not how do you connect with God and people?Free tip direct your cries to God his the one who call it in order to answer it when the Earth in mess, he says when his people called by his name cried he will hear from Heaven and heal the Land.”
“Most late bloomers win big at life in their older years. Don't sleep on the unnoticed and the underrated. The wheel of fortune will eventually turn in their favor.”
“Try to revise your strategy before quitting something you've been working diligently at. Don't change the destination yet, because a different route may be the answer.”
“I make a conscious effort to compliment at least one person every time I'm out and about. One nice comment can change a person's entire mood and mindset for the day.”
“The path you feel most called to travel on, is the most secure and protected route. Trust your inner compass.”
“I though my life will be easier as i see others, after things that i experienced were teached me that we are not the same we may created by one God in a different ways and sent for different mission on. Quickly taped on my lane journey without wasting anytime by understanding that the human life is short messured by hand compared by flowers wich is blossoming today tomorrow is unblossoming as bible teach, another thing that I'm sure about is I live to fullfill the will of God and i'll explain myself with my deeds without any excuses by accessories and chance that given so you as well .”
“When you have nothing, you are open to limitless possibilities. You can be anything. You can do anything.”
“The world has become very polluted now, it needs to be cleaned, so cleaning should start from one's own mind because the biggest pollution is in human mind”
“Don't get discouraged in times of difficulties.”
“I will always be a student of life.”
“There aren't many days that I'm not writing. Practice makes progress.”
“We need more wise leaders and innovators. We need less of, "The blind leading the blind", type of activity.”
“Invest in yourself. You'll make the money back. Just keep an abundant mindset.”
“Burnout will have you taking a pause for weeks, months, and even years. Take care of yourself and prioritize your overall needs. You will actually have better results after some much-needed time of relaxation. If you don't take this more seriously, you can run the risk of losing passion for something you once loved. And it takes an immensity of work to get the urge back.”
“Many of you should not be hiding your talents from the world because, wow, you are extremely gifted.”
“Power to work is necessary for progress.”
“If one person can change the opinion of just two people, it can eventually turn into a tsunami, where a once popular opinion is rendered obsolete.”
“In the end, we have to understand that being progressive means that you are leading from the front, not pushing from the back. You cannot worry about what people say and do if you truly want to make a real impact. You may never see your impact directly, but if you fight to make it happen you will have a chance at success.”
“As you standing there looking,pointing or judging your neighbour by his fall did you ever think about yours?cause I know that fall is for everyone who living and sent for purpose cause the message & you must be tested and you need to know how it strong it is,how big your master is.Think about this, who can believe and trust untested service? that means it unfinish peace of work while your master call himself by Alfa and Omega which is beginning and the End that is our Living God.”
“Everything that we going through in life we didn't ask for it,yes sometimes it may look like we asked it through our confusing deeds but it meant to be remember all things works to be good cause everything created to worship God's name that means no mistakes, late or early there're reasons of things that heppens to you, may not have answers of it sametime but along the way you'll get it.Now stop condeming yourself or judge each other tell us where you coming from with your experience so that you can save others and learn on in it as i did.”
“Mm.. i see you think someone cares or pointed to baby sit you on your situations you looking shoulders to cry on it will not going to help you instead you going to be hurt more till you learn that you have to take a stand on that situation.You think that help is permanent it not will last you longer? never, come out there before it late you'll say I didn't worn you. Your friends will not cause they benefit you'll endup alone I mean they'll live you friend I tell you this cause I love you and cares about you as God does,how long you'll cry the same tears?”
“You see me shining today,haha.. it where I'm coming from the pit of fire that shaped me to glowing graduate me on who i was previous.The pain, day and night tears fearness,low self esteem,being unknown mat for everyone, rejected, victim of rape, from zero,hopeless,called by names.I'm trying to say worse then you know God take me from ashes to the Kings table give him all the Glory that what he can do for you if you give him your heart. I didn't choose him but he does axctually i used to curse him but his grace doesnt pass me by,I'm sure you need him too before sunset.”
“Oh! messages came left and right sweetheart,from my enemy devel that "I can't be nothing no matter what I'm trying to do" after and before my tranformation, I knew one thing that who have power to stand and crush the heard of my enemy by freeing my life without asking any questions he can protect and lead me through my destiny,my enemy thought it done by trying to buried God's things and calling in my life without knowing that it a beginning event that will heppen to you too why because he love everyone & his will is always yes and Amen.”
“You know why everybody run away from you when you going through in tough situations? Yes they say friends are few when days are dark Because God prepare the table by invite your enemies to watch you enjoy your dinner with him in upsent of your friends bonusly he judge your friends frienship finally graduate you from unknowing him to following his ways hope you ready for that.Guess what, the moment situations loadshape your world, yes Jesus Christ is Independent main light to rescue you.Who friend like him?He's rocks dude.”
“This is what you dont know about me I born to be a fighter winner is my name being an ambassador is in my blood that my logo shortly I 'm a brand of what I mentioned above, the big thing about me is in my days of living I live my calling without waisting any time. I'm not working for my name or being celebrity but I'm doing all of it for the promise of meeting with my master all Mighty God and recieve my rewards,tell me who you are and where you wanna spend your iternity?Oh! almost I forget here's my free advise and tip,will be nice for you to taste Heaven Sweetness.”
“It was not in my though to hold a gradges or revenge for my past pain,yah there's a window or understandable explanation of it but when my eyes opened I'd seen that it would be waist of time to do it and I'd enough pain the only thing that I was focus on was being delivered and transformed cause that were coming with freedom that I always praid for, i thanks God that I didnt thought about it cause I see now more problems that I would be more invited it in my life like others who experience the same situation.I pray for you to look things ike me.”
“If you wish to be paid, you must be willing to work.”
“The true identity of a person is not best reflected in the respect he receives from people in front to him, but it is found where people talk about him most in his absence.”
“The true identity of a person is not best reflected in the respect he receives from people in front of him, but it is found where people talk about him most in his absence”
“Human beings can only improve the lives of their fellow people.”
“Birds are in-tune with the seasons. Like the birds, I am learning to embrace change. Understanding when to nest & when to trek. Flying is releasing. You'll know when it's time to submit to the air.”
“What is left to achieve when movements flirt with feet?”
“When the melodies drown, breathe with a dance.”
“There is much to express, not with eyes or lips, but with dancing steps.”
“It matters not how you dance, as long as each step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“Sometimes when we're feeling stuck in a rut, we can get clear by physically decluttering our homes. Getting rid of objects that hold past hurtful memories to them and moving out the things that takes up too much space for no reason.”
“With movements of dance, every uncertainty receives clarity.”
“Embrace the feeling of healing as you dance.”
“Elevate the dance with your stance, as each movement brings harmony to the heart.”
“It steals your sorrow and gifts you a smile, the tutor of movements is dance.”
“Don’t be sad, when you dance, every stride will bring you closer to smiles.”
“Smiles bloom when you feel the summer breeze and the cool grass caressing dancing feet.”
“Love beats, light that shines, and breaths that arrive all pay tribute to dance.”
“No matter your age, or the time or place, don’t just stand; begin to dance.”
“Dance and evolve; time will soon run out; this moment of the present is all that counts.”
“Release stress through dancing steps and find healing for yourself.”
“Footsteps find the purpose to exist when arrives the blessing of dance.”
“Intent is meant to dance when steps and melodies combine.”
“Slow or fast, each dance step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“In moments of sorrow or when the heart breaks, allow dance to take away all the pain.”
“Moments of life become a magical storyline when you take the stance of dance.”
“No matter your age, time, or place, the connection with dance will always remain.”
“While listening to drum beats or trance, now is the time to release the dance.”
“Feel the adrenaline rushing down your spine, take a little chance, for it is time to dance.”
“Across space and time, terrestrial and celestial, every being represents its dance.”
“Writing does not make me rich, but I am enriched every day I write.”
“Filter out the irrelevant noise. Focus on the objective.”
“A wise person understands the value in asking questions.”
“You can initiate a phase of death and rebirth at any time. You don't have to sit idle and wait for an outside force to make that happen for you. Choose to end things. This will always spark an opportunity for a new beginning.”
“Meditation is a gift. It's not only utilized for mental and emotional peace. It is also a way for us to connect and receive information from other Sources. Take full advantage of this.”
“You have authority over your life. Your life force is expanding. Your potential is limitless. Tap in and prepare yourself to climb the ladder of all that you desire. It is yours to have.”
“If love does not arrive, sing and dance with melodies by your side.”
“If love is a city, to enter it, you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“Those who practice it can’t get enough, whose expressions are countless; what else but dance?”
“If you have a broken heart or a sorrowful soul, dance will bring you joy once more.”
“This night is young, made of many stars, and unravels destiny only when you dance.”
“The choreography of life makes us fall, only to teach us to rise through dance once more.”
“Release yourself from this static state, and dance without end when the melody plays.”
“It lightens the mood when you start to dance; it’s not about the feet, but what moves beneath.”
“In the storm of dreams, lightning feet, and thunderous heartbeats begin to dance.”
“Feel the feeling not felt before, express and allow it to come forth when dance is your mentor.”
“Divided was man, but the thread of dance united us as one truth.”
“Beautiful is this choreography of celestial entities dancing on the wings of cosmic melodies.”
“Hold on; carry on; troubles shall disappear when you dance to your favorite tune.”
“A person who knows dance understands life.”
“Dance overwhelms you, as though an entire world moves within you.”
“Excitement spreads beneath when you lock your feet to the dancing beat,”
“Freedom will be within grasp when you take a chance and dance.”
“Dance elevates the calm and drowns the chaos.”
“Why be shy? Even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out?”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance, all are equals.”
“Every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.”
“What else ignites the blaze of miracles but the flame of dance?”
“Only a dancer can sway the silk of her hair like the summer breeze.”
“The world seems void of silence whenever footsteps are deprived of dancing shoes.”
“Imagination comes alive when skates scar the ice to tell fairy tales.”
“To love dance is to learn how to live life.”
“The sensation of dance guides and heals, and magnifies what you feel.”
“When a heart breaks, the ointment of dance heals all the pain.”
“Stay close, don't go far, hold hands as dance heals all the scars.”
“Feel the energy and rapture of dance as it heals the fallen and saves the lost.”
“Your capacity to say ‘No’ determines your capacity to say ‘Yes’ to greater things.”
“Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.”
“The worst enemy is the friend who is working in friendship to cheat you, the best friend is the friend who shows your faults to change you.”
“A man should seek mercy only from his Maker.”
“What you should be, you shall be.”
“Evil can be transmuted into tragedy, loss into gain, temporality into deathlessness, by creating beauty.”
“Can there be one best way to tend a garden, one best way to love, one truest cause for love? No. It equates free will with submission.”
“The simple ineluctable truth is that desire has no bearing on our duties.”
“Does Ebui dream of a private grave? People in fancy dress eulogizing, laying down their offerings. Or does she dream past the frontier, a quicksilver cavern to adorn forever?”
“The vindictive flames of the sun scared me. But the fear of the great yellow eye paled compared to my body's longing for food, warmth, and someone to maybe understand me. Embrace. Grateful embrace. The warm touch of another human. That was my new goal if I ever needed one in the first place.”
“Yes, my path was a rocky one, but now I can look down on it from the hill with a smile—that is the ether to fill you.”
“Really, it's newsletters and direct followings that are always the main determinant for winning anyway.”
“Great entrepreneurs are the jack of all trades, master of some.”
“Life to me had always felt like a burden I had to bear. Something heavy and murky that made waking up difficult and falling asleep a little bit scary. But that's because I had gone eighteen years not knowing what it felt like to care about someone so much, you want them to be the first thing you see when you open your eyes. I even felt a desire to make something of myself because you were the first person I ever wanted to become something better for.”
“Solitude is not loneliness. Instead, they are loving cousins that can both learn from one another.”
“The Maker is always merciful.”
“Never compromise, but improvise; at this stage of life, showcase your dance.”
“Beautiful are dance styles, like counting the eternal, limitless stars.”
“To shift, drift, and move, most glorious, is the blessing of dance.”
“Freedom will finally be within grasp when you experience heaven on earth with a dance.”
“Dance with an energy that makes mountains move to your choreography.”
“All possibilities remain within grasp when you dance upon the stage of life.”
“Create some commotion, like ripples in the ocean, shoeless or clueless, dance the dance of life.”
“On the verge of tears or about to break down, dance will rescue you from frowns.”
“Sleeping or awake, in reality, or the land of dreams, across realms, everywhere is the gossip of dance.”
“Immense and intense is the reach of dance, moving souls with its majestic trance.”
“When words are less through dance, we express the emotions hidden within.”
“Dance is the language that all souls speak, connecting them as one humanity.”
“Waste not a second of the day; count each blessing with dance and music.”
“No differences exist, as equals remain, the novice and the masters who practice the art of dance.”
“Embody what you most want to impart, and keep your mouth shut.”
“No one can, or will, care more about your life than you do. So, it’s time to start acting like it.”
“People mock, laugh, and make memes about things that are beyond their level of comprehension. And when people hate, they hate everything about you, even the things you do with good intentions.”
“People mock, laugh, and make memes about something that is beyond their level of comprehension. And when people hate, they hate everything about you, even the things you do with good intentions.”
“Success is not a number. It's about accomplishing your mission. Noah spent years building a boat that was only used once. Ignore the critiques. Build your boat!”
“Say no to everything until you arrive at a definitive yes!”
“The dream is as a light, if you do not convert into ambition, then there will be no mission”
“Brainstorming cannot be done until and unless an attitude becomes character”
“Genius doesn't wait for moments,they create it.”
“Motivation is like bacteria. Positivity is good motivation, rarely found, the good bacteria. Negativity, the bad one, found everywhere. Culture good one.”
“You have a life, for crying out loud! You're sitting there and you're breathing in and out and you can probably see and you can probably hear and you can probably taste and you can probably smell and you can probably feel the sun on your face when you walk outside today. That's five really good reasons not to be miserable. And if you keep looking, you'll find new reasons all the time. But you've got to choose it. Over and over again. Every day, every hour, sometimes every minute. You've got to choose it. Just like I chose it.”
“Don't be worrying about no wall. Your only concern is one brick." (Will's dad)”
“Without circumstances, there is no change.”
“Meditation is great motivation.”
“Intent is my precursor one half breath and I am realized. My goal is my full breath ~”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, that one is able to show the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it in priority”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, is capable of showing the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it as a priority”
“Mempamerkan Islam sebagai gaya hidup yang tertinggi. - Hussam”
“Do the work with due diligence.”
“No one can, or will, care more about your life than you do. So, it’s time to start acting like it.”
“Sometimes what seems like a destination is actually a bridge to a new chapter.”
“Just because you’re good at something, doesn’t mean you’re supposed to be doing it.”
“Though we may impress by sharing the best versions of ourselves, it’s only with sharing authentic stories that we truly can connect as human beings with others.”
“Your dreams have an expiration date if you don’t act on them.”
“Joy is like vapour. You can't save it for later.”
“Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.”
“I don't like answerable questions. They produce questionable answers.”
“Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.”
“Jokes never exhaust, laughter does. Isn't that funny!”
“We can't see beauty. We have eyes!”
“To me, the very definition of the word 'Broken' suggests that something can be fixed.”
“No mountain is endless, some are steeper than the others.”
“Sometimes what tortures us is in our own mind.”
“You’re such a snob, bragging with that infinite knowledge you uploaded into your brain.”
“Good things take time, Better things take a little longer.”
“I will not blink. I will not be intimidated.”
“Self-respect will always light a way forward.”
“Other side of fear lies freedom.”
“Fear of failing is the root of all jealousy.”
“Es ist auch überdies jammerschade, wenn ein Mensch in Verzweiflung stirbt. Die Verzweiflung schickt uns Gott nicht, um uns zu töten, er schickt sie uns, um neues Leben in uns zu wecken.”
“I've welcomed all the hardships while staying undaunted & I've transcended above myself.”
“If you can breathe, you are blessed.”
“Be grateful, reflect on God's goodness.”
“Miracle is making the impossible possible”
“It isn’t just the twitch of lips, but also a gleam in the eyes, that causes a pure smile to rise.”
“To scrape new heights of success, you must first deepen the roots of your principles.”
“If you don't understand my silence, You will not understand my words.”
“I don't have an attitude!! I have a personality you can't handle!!”
“Wellness is for work.”
“A person lives a life with a mixture of, persistent pressure of pain and pursuit of pleasure but as he grows up, he is better able to learn about how to live.”
“In every failure there is something to be gained.”
“I don't like injustice, I don't like suffering, I don't like inequality  I can't change the world but I can see into the heart of the other person and reach out in solidarity”
“Never let anyone catch you with your head down, keep your head up. Be proud of yourself regardless of what you are going through in life.”
“You did nothing wrong removing toxic people from your life and choosing yourself. Your gentle heart had enough!”
“The hardest part of being kind is knowing that it will attract hate.”
“Maybe the path went in a circle. Maybe there was a more gradual, friendly slope back up the mountain so he wouldn't have to double back. He could keep moving forward but still end up home.”
“Always remember you are unique, just like everyone else.”
“Make friends with your beliefs.”
“Our time is limited, but can manifest itself with what we can do.”
“Discover the dream.”
“I guess life is made of choices. We just make what seems to be the best decision at any given moment.”
“Life cannot be a fun ride for everyone.”
“Have you ever reached a truly quiet state of mind?”
“Even though my analysis is inconclusive, I decide to go with my gut on this one.”
“Life is a crash test.”
“Meaningless thoughts come at a price.”
“Though I’m curious as hell, I’m also afraid of what the answer might be.”
“SMILE! You are NOT on camera!”
“I try to curb my happiness, but a timid smile finds its way out still.”
“Time should never be killed, time must always be enjoyed.”
“Say anything else with that accent, and you can take me wherever you want ”
“He makes a sharp maneuver, trying to hold my wrist for a better grip, but he fails.”
“I’ve had the whole world at my disposal, The seven wonders for my rehearsal, But that was not enough, It’s tough to describe you.”
“You do not bother to think about the past or the future. Now is what really matters.”
“Shouldn’t plans be constantly under review?”
“Democracy is not a shouting competition!”
“Sometimes, I witness moments of such outstanding beauty that I keep them to myself. Not as an act of greed. I— I just think my description would never do them justice.”
“Just be clear about your question, and I will give you the answer you are looking for.”
“Eventually, they shrug their shoulders and go away, back to minding their own lives.”
“It depends on whether you seek to live your own life or somebody else’s.”
“My eyes tremble while my lips fight to hold the words that i'm too afraid to say”
“Despite how hard I try to hide, my whole face gathers in a coup to let him know how much I fancy him.”
“Lucky for him, my lips are not smiling alone.”
“I hug him hard, trying to wordlessly ask for forgiveness.”
“When you are certain about your next moves, and aware of your surroundings, anxiety fades away.”
“I could steal words from my idol, Echo lyrics of a vinyl, But I have this feeling since we first met, That the right words haven’t been written yet.”
“He comes closer and embraces me, which soon turns into a lingering bear hug.”
“I slide my head down to find rest on his shoulder.”
“A crush for whom I’m saving my first kiss.”
“Making the news anchor resemble a puppet, if the puppeteer sucks at his job.”
“Just leave the bedroom and live your life!”
“OPTIMIZE YOUR MIND”
“I’ve been saving my thoughts for years, bound by the promise of a vast array of alternatives, only to find out my subservience is doomed to last forever, because my future is being forced to follow a path drawn by them.”
“EMBRACE THE NOW”
“They say my future is my choice, but it doesn’t feel like that.”
“Were you born to obey?”
“Nothing perishes  nothing dies.”
“The most beautiful things are unseen but can be felt.”
“When life seems hard, the courageous do not lie down and accept defeat; instead, they are all the more determined to struggle for a better future.”
“You could have lived my life and I could have lived yours, because without knowing each other I can say that suffering very often shows a similar face when it decides to hit one of us.”
“After the troubled times we have had to face, today more than ever the world needs hope and benevolence. If society is not going well, humanity is not dead. It lives on in every heart, every smile, every moment of joy, every prayer  This intimate light of consciousness rises to the sky in an eternal clamor. Silent, filled with secret hopes ”
“The absent are always wrong and it is very convenient to lynch Satan in the public square in order to make him responsible for the dark parts of our souls!”
“An honest person never gets tired of helping others for a long time, but the same person feels tired at the very beginning of hurting others.”
“I am not choosing one of your paths, I am making one of my own.”
“Hating people takes to much energy  Sebab itu kita perlu hidup berkasih sayang. Kasih sayang akan mencambahkan kekuatan.”
“Jika kegagalan itu adalah hujan, kejayaan itu pula adalah matahari. Matahari dan hujan sama-sama diperlukan untuk menjadi pelangi. – Qiuzi”
“Kutiplah helai kecewa dari hati yang koyak itu  jahitkan untuk menjadi selendang sabar supaya dapat melingkari dada yang gelisah.”
“Don't worry.' What is the point in worrying when there's nothing you can do?”
“By overcoming obstacles in practice, you make your learning perfect and by overcoming the hardships you experience in life, you become complete in your life.”
“If you stay humble and keep your humility embedded in your behavior then no circumstances can erode your core. You will keep on shining evermore.”
“The only thing we ever have less of is time." - Jill Reid | Discover Your Personal Truth”
“Don’t be afraid of failure because it prepares you for success!”
“Inspiration is found in the unknown, what you discover there is up to you.”
“What could be sillier than having an imaginary boyfriend?”
“I still have doubts about it, but I don’t want her to know.”
“Who decided being eighteen years old was the perfect time to make this kind of decision, anyway?”
“Even though we don’t speak the same language, at this moment, we understand each other.”
“I look at him and see confidence. Well, okay. First, I see muscles, then…”
“People don’t argue to find out the truth anymore. People will settle for winning momentary discussions, never minding the nuances within every topic they superficially defend with indomitable passion.”
“I guess every friendship has its ups and downs.”
“We are not judged by what we do, but by what we are capable of doing.”
“Now that I found my destiny Can't be the end Before the start So I ignore what they say And I listen to my heart And then I know That I'm enough”
“In the house of the diligent, there will always be an abundance of food, but the sluggard will always beg for bread.”
“find a way or make your own”
“If you can dream without limits, you can soar to great heights. Let the magic of your imagination set you free.”
“It doesn't matter how hard you fall but how quickly you bounce back.”
“We live in an era and times where fun is overrated, most of the activities and things that will put bread on your table will not be fun. Probably only 1% of the people on the planet earth have fun while winning their daily bread, and they are always on the TV and on social media telling others about having fun watching them.”
“Man are the afflictions of a righteous person but the LORD shall deliver him from them all.”
“My motivation; knowing the value of life makes me live to do my very best.”
“The goal of every great business leader should be to build products and services that they are proud of.”
“Like the moon of night in the sky, there is still a hope that shines in the darkness of life, even in many shimmering confusions.”
“Profit begins with passion.”
“By sharing your pain with others, you may give them the strength to abuse your wound, but by sharing your pain only with yourself, you gain the strength to overcome the situation”
“Choose someone who can love you not only during the day but also during your darkest nights, even when the sun and the moon resist sharing their light.”
“Opportunity is where preparation meets toil”
“You can only be yourself.”
“Humanity is capable of such beautiful dreams and horrible nightmares, For Our World Has a lot For every Man's Dream but Not Every man's Greed, So you see this is life greatest rule, it gives to givers, and takes from takers, Karma God's judgement on earth. Those Full of themselves, on the outside are often starving on the inside”
“Viral Code …I want my dreams And I want them now; Give me my dreams; Only dreams can cure me; Everyone deserves dreams Because no one deserves them”
“The secret to getting results that last is to never stop making improvements. It's remarkable what you can build if you just don't stop. It's remarkable the business you can build if you don't stop working. It's remarkable the body you can build if you don't stop training. It's remarkable the knowledge you can build if you don't stop learning. It's remarkable the fortune you can build if you don't stop saving. It's remarkable the friendships you can build if you don't stop caring. Small habits don't add up. They compound.”
“When all else fails, go hiking.”
“As my journey continues, I leave nothing good behind. I carry it all with me.”
“My focus is on progression, not perfection. My progression is already perfect -- unfolding as it should, when it should, according to divine alignment”
“Remember that there is always the sky that is above us and beyond us”
“The mercy of the Maker must be reflected upon every morning.”
“I was 29 years of age and that was the first time I had experienced true love. Even the love of a Father!”
“Treasure every moment as a miracle.”
“Chess does not only teach us to analyse the present situation, but it also enables us to think about the possibilities and consequences. This is the art of forward-thinking.”
“I wasn’t there. I don’t know what happened. I am no expert on the beginning of literal time. All I know is  there was a world before this current world began a long long long time ago. Let’s figure out piece by piece what could have happened up in Heaven all before Day 1 officially began.”
“95% of your actions are habitual”
“Man is part of the mystery he tries to solve.”
“You have seen me fall; now see me rise.”
“In my journey through the ever-changing seasons of life, I have learnt that winter is inevitably followed by a gorgeous spring and every spell of rain gives way to brilliant sunshine. What’s more, I have learnt that winter snow and drenching showers can be beautiful too. We just need the right eyes to look at them.”
“fr shawty”
“Every search begins with beginners luck. And every search ends with the victor's being severely tested.”
“Well, it’s like this. We choose to stay and to let go. We ask guidance from God with our choices. We align our desires to the opportunities presented. But sometimes, even if we want something or someone so badly, we just can’t have them. Either circumstances do not allow it, or we are just not the choice.”
“The distance between dreams and reality is called Fate”
“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: fear of failure.”
“usually the threat of death makes people a lot more aware of their lives”
“but this payment goes well beyond my generosity." "don't say that again. Life might be listening and give you less the next time.”
“Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen the third time.”
“Two times in life you do not waste time arguing with someone: when you are wrong, and when you are right.”
“Freedom is free beyond a person's limit but it is better for him to free himself within his limits.”
“Repent, be refreshed.”
“There is no great teacher like God.”
“You might find storms exhilarating, or you might find them a pain, but they are inevitable. Each storm will etch its indelible path on you and when you come out on the other side, dripping yet triumphant, one thing is certain: You would never be the same again.”
“We're all capable of more, don't let anybody tell you otherwise. Keep chasing those dreams, through hard work you'll eventually catch them.”
“THE END OF FAILURE IS BETTER THAN WINNING”
“You know what's amazing? The fact that every day you probably make someone you don't even know smile.”
“I’ll hold you steady, keep a firm grip on you.” Jennifer states out loud, a large Bible opened in front of her. She turns the page and speaks again. “Don’t fret or worry. Instead of worrying, pray. Let God know your concerns.” I can’t listen to this! When did she start reading this book? Why is she smiling? What is this power these words have on her?”
“You can stay stuck or go forward, but you can't go back. Don't let your fear of falling hold you back! You've got this!”
“My experiment about life is that what I was trying, with all my interest, now I am getting more or less success from that effort.”
“Happiness is not how many things you do, but how well you do them. More is not better. Happiness is not experiencing something else; it's continually experiencing what you already have in new and different ways.”
“Paradigm shift is for the mindful; but those who refuse to adopt to new ways of looking at things will always catch yesterday's train, flight or bus.”
“No wonder why we build our own cages and stay in them, even though there's no lock on the door.”
“The treasure of life should motivate you to do your very best.”
“Do your best to defeat the enemy inside you and you will find yourself wining the heart of your external enemy.”
“The clarity of purpose removes lots of nuances”
“One barn is better than seven half-baked loaves of bread. What matters most is how you finish rather than how you started.”
“An awaken and enlightened mind is several miles ahead of everybody, always accused of daydreaming, hallucinating, and being lost in fantasy. Remember, it is okay to be different, non-conformed, and unaligned; these are those who bring transformation to society.”
“Fly low and feed with the chickens or soar high and dance with the eagles.”
“Scorpio women, learn to embrace your intense and passionate nature. You are meant to feel more profoundly than the average person. You are the epitome of transformation, death, and rebirth. Rising from the ashes and exerting the divine energy of the Phoenix. You are powerful.”
“When someone is passionate about what they do, you’re going to feel that energy emanating off of them.”
“In a romantic relationship, intentionally using the Law of Attraction is an amazing method. It is incredibly beneficial to speak beautiful and positive words into your partner. Especially when you're talking about them to an outside person. Speak and think what you want to manifest into your relationship.”
“Creating your own unique lane, creates a way for you to fully thrive as an individual. It shows you how to kick down the door of opportunity without waiting for it to be given to you. You already have the tools you need to alchemize this. But you will have to travel within to see what they are. Here's a hint: These are the gifts you've been in denial about for most of your life.”
“The ideas, that are currently permeating your mind, are your golden tickets towards a life that you have always desired. These sparks of inspiration aren't a figment of your imagination. In fact, they have been divinely sent to you for very important reasons. Planted in your head like a seed that needs nurturing. This is your sign to pursue what came to your mind while reading this. It is not a coincidence.”
“You will receive your biggest blessings outside of your comfort zone. So get comfortable with constant change, feeling uneasy, and taking many calculated or random risks. Take a leap of faith.”
“Don't be afraid to transform, change, or express yourself as much as your soul feels called to. It isn't your job to fit into the narrative that others have conjured up for you. If you know you are the chameleon, then be that unapologetically.”
“Obstacles allow you to refine your strategy. To walk the path that is more aligned with the future that you wish for yourself. When presented with these blessings in disguises, adjust your perspective. Let it all motivate you instead. This is how you will learn, evolve, and build the resilience you need to elevate to the next level.”
“As I embrace my individuality more and more, the Universe provides me with unlimited abundance. Blessing me with everything that I need to continue living in my authentic truth.”
“If you want different in your life, your actions will need to match that. Switch up your routines, create newer goals, take massive risks, pick up new hobbies, and try different styles. Fully embody the energy of change.”
“It’s time to fall back in love with yourself and your life.”
“Whatever brings your soul an immense amount of joy, relish in it. That is the type of energy you want to consistently encompass yourself with.”
“Express your creativity in the manner that you choose. Not in a way that is meant to appease others. Their discomfort is not your burden to bear.”
“Now it is time to place your awareness on what's going right in your life. Focusing on any disappointments will only distract you from the treasure that's laying right in front of your eyes. Once you shift your consciousness, the blindfold will finally be lifted. Revealing the answers and clarity you've been seeking all along. Your current outlook dictates what plays out next.”
“In order for you to cross the threshold of your initiation, a loss of lower vibrational relationships is required. Releasing this dead weight will allow you to rise to newer heights. Remember, history is not an excuse to hang on to a connection that has withered out and long expired.”
“It's beyond important to learn how to fall in love with the journey. Not just the results.”
“You are your greatest investment.”
“Whatever brings your soul an immense l amount of joy, relish in it. That is the type of energy you want to consistently encompass yourself with.”
“Finding a hobby that you love is not only a lifesaver. It is a stress reliever and a blessing. It is something you solely do for your happiness. Not for money or any recognition.”
“You have true authority over your life. Your life force energy is expanding and your potential is limitless. Tap in and prepare yourself to climb the ladder of all that you desire. It is yours to claim.”
“You have true authority over your life. Your life force energy is expanding and your potential is limitless. Tap in and prepare yourself to climb the ladder towards all that you desire. It is yours to claim.”
“Please celebrate your wins. No matter how small it appears, bask in it and applaud yourself.”
“I'm disappointed in some people more because of what I expected from them than because of what they did”
“Believe in yourself otherwise, no one else will believe in you.”
“Challenge your beliefs to make room for new possibilities.”
“As you travel towards your dream, never forget to get up to land at each of your destinations.”
“True prayer, true peace.”
“you must understand that love never keeps a man from pursuing his destiny.”
“every second of search is an encounter with God”
“it is said that all people who are happy have God within them”
“Belief that you can act is a powerful motivator. Belief that change can happen in a flash is an even stronger motivator.”
“Never underestimate the power of simply asking for an opportunity. A lot of times, that lack of directness, is what's standing between you and your ultimate success. Doing this with politeness, confidence, and optimism will put you through doors that were once closed. Believe in yourself and go for exactly what you want. This is taking charge of your life!”
“Through our work and through getting what we need on our own, without depending on others, we can stand tall and realize our potential as humans.”
“No matter how crazy it may feel, I found that following my intuitive hunch is always my best bet. When we are grounded, it will never steer us in the wrong direction. Acting as our guiding light and divine compass. So don't question it. Trust it.”
“I have the power I need to create the destiny that I desire. I am open to the Universe's abundance, and magic happens when I live in my eternal truth.”
“Is there any god like our great glorious GOD.”
“It good thing to put make up on that will suit your personality and match your tone skin color,outfit for an example if you're a polite person us polite colors if you're vibrant or bubble person vibe colors is yours that will make you beautiful in a stylish way if it heppen that you want to booster apply bright colors it little touch up or lower adjust color little not with the way that will show.”
“Use the strutegy of matching as I'm continue with beauty makeover or make up if you prepare yourself for some event the way you look must match the event that you going to exemple if you going to the church the way you look must tell or night event us shine color to intertain the moment or match the event and time cause the way you look explain you and avoid the issue of gossiping about you or being one off in that crowd.”
“To get more ideas search online how other people make themselves beautiful read books,tune podcast,or tv shows, Blog Post about beauty in a healthy way or read magazine with this information will make you professional or classy lady or gentle in doing it.”
“Avoid on relaying on artificial things like make up and more,relay on natural accessories or being pure cause it permanent, never live you,go wrong or embarrassed you the thing I like with it is it not changing colors, Oh almost I forgot it Summer remember sunscreen in beach or sun spots protect skin damage.”
“Before you wake up, your seriousness that never lets you sleep peacefully, starts building up your strengths with your efforts after you wake up.”
“As flowers wither and fall, we all have setbacks and bad days, but trust the process and you'll start bearing fruit.”
“Necesitaba que me creyeras, que aprendieras de mis heridas sin tener que sufrirlas  Dicen que nadie experimenta en cabeza ajena, pero es mentira. La gente de mayor inteligencia sí  Es un rasgo de sabiduría escuchar, leer y aprender de cuanto piensan otros.”
“Put in the work, conquer your fears, and take on any challenge. The journey starts with one step and a belief in yourself.”
“And here comes the battle between you and your thoughts, And you always lose miserably”
“Do not abort your mission because some don't support your mission”
“You will be prodded, pushed. Tested. You will be bumped up against the Great Wall of Uncertainty again and again-the question on the tongue of the universe always the same-who are you?”
“To introduced myself to you in this nightmare story.I'm a victim of rape on my childhood stage l'd experienced rape in my life the victim were my sibblings and community members as I told you that on my growth. My mum was upsent it were only my dad, sister and brother in my house my dad were living with heart condition desease than my mom choose to hunting work live us with dad on my toddler stage hape you imagine the situation.By telling you this I don'nt expected your pitty or. being sorry for me but I'm going somewhere I want to speak with someone who condem,look him or herself down lost confident with same and other stuation.There's hope if l managed to survive on my situations you can to.God favoured me my introduced himself to me on my teenage stage ashored me that he love me and transformed my life mostly healed me day by day couse this situations is deep it a proccess to be heal in it l use to say it like living in fire where you need to live with God himself in it.Why I say this? allow me to say it some sort of journey of chosen people.The reason is other people take it easy as we have different categories of help and high science source to cure this the truth is it can't why?Rape destroy the whole life of person as human divided into 3 part which is body,soul spirit as I experience it not once several times till I reach the stage where I can rescure myself by confronting the victims,shortly it spoiled my whole 3 part you see I needed my creater to rebuid me and that not heppening overnight I personally say rape victims needed. Lifesaviour and Lifeguide who is God himself to rescue and guide you in life journey course this thing is a beast that never die if you never experience it you'll never understand it thanks for your trying don't need to.what I need is your support,how? pray for me,not feeling sorry,give hope,listen me,never judge ,stop gossip rather ask the ask,allow me to take my own decisions, give me time,be partient of me,avoid to remind me my past,believe in me,be careful on showing me my weekest sport rather put me on the spot where I can see for myself, give me chance of proving myself. This is what I can do;Forgive,move on,not forget,love other people not trust them 100% ,(truely fall in love conditional),Over protective while others says I'm selfish,depend on God's hand 100%, sensetive person, enjoy my space,help others, prayful person,other people says I'm moody person when I separate myself to meet with God in his present,can think wise things and do big things,focus on something that can keep my mind busy to escape on thinking about past,fight to change, enjoy to spend time with fruitfull freinds, rocking on doing my own business, on my own space,Not easy to accept people in my space till I know him or her better,enjoy nature things,love to be me,layalt pertionate & kind person.”
“Welcome on Who is "Nozipho Curve Babe" Book enjoy and learn in it you can bring your tissues to wipe tears if you can couse I'll tell you about my horrible Story that heppened in my life when I grow up by it I'M trying to give hope, motivate, impower and inspired those who stuck in pain, confusion, cursing God and condemming themself about this I say if I manage to accept and overcome this situation you can do it,you not alone mostly there's some good and better things after that fire you'll come out shine like a gold I'm a living testimony.Contineur reading to hear it all you can contact me about it and other book that l'm busy writing.”
“Every set back is a setup for a GREAT Come back”
“The stab that I'd take with this situation the moment I felt ready I spoke to my mother lately when I'm old be fore I marrid by that I didnt what i expected from her instead she didnt notice the pain that i'd eexperianced through. To heal myself I forgave her,accepted my situation learn to live positive in it.In the side of forgive the group of men that raped me continueosly I decided to live my home town to start new life another town where I meet with my soul partner God provided with handsome suitable guy as I had issued with men it took God's misterious ways to connect us he's my friend and prayer partner God blessed us with two sons and one doughter, he continue on helping us on raising our kids again i deed decision of raing our kids for myself by being house wife thanks God and my husband to be succed i 'm not perfect but i tried with God help and my closest friends,family it heppening.As i developed anger, sensitive and other unneeded personality throught my issue activities like body training,blogging,podcusting,reading bible and other booksk,being author,listing music special gospel help me to be in right position.The thing i can ask or say to other to other people is "Women Please love and protect your kids let stop this take quick action to help them if you see suspetious thing be close to them in a way that you manage to see if there's something not right heppen to them cause sometimes they will not tell you like on my case in any reason usualy strangers or rapist make them not say anything or your communication with them is not strong enough or any reason they make them shut To the community let protect each other be your sisters or brothers keeper on your neighborhood or in house report the susptious act cause tomorrow will heppen in your house.Men you are the master protector not rapist stand your ground as God do trusted you with kids and women protect them stop taking advantage who ever does that.To those who like me the victim of rape I'm your girl to use alcohol,drugs and sex edict throw shame and unclean feeling is not solution it only running away act ask yourself that how long you'll runing away with cancer that eating you alive,face by allowing God to be your sim card, rica him and let him operate in you by rebuid you make you a new creation spiritual by acepting Jesus Christ as lord and your savior, healer and believe that God raised him from death in your special prayer with your mouth loud as confesion as I deed you'll be safe 100% in his arms like I am your story will change completly as mine finely no one knows you better dont allow situation explain you you beautiful handsome valueble God love you more than every one and he cares about you I love you'll take care of yourself youre the hero &herous.”
“Remove the words “impossible” and “I can’t” from your vocabulary. These words have became too significant in your thought process. Remember that what can be conceived in the mind, can also be brought into reality.”
“You're not meant to understand everything and why it had to happen the way it did. The best thing that you can do is extract the lessons from it and move forward with this new wisdom. In turn, attracting experiences that are more aligned with what you desire and deserve.”
“You're not meant to understand everything and why it had to happen the way it did. The best thing that you can do is extract the lessons from it and move forward with this new wisdom. In turn, attracting experiences that are more aligned with what you desire and deserve.”
“Be more understanding of your person's specific love language. It may be frustrating at first, but you have to understand that love shows itself in various forms. Just because it doesn't look like yours, doesn't mean it isn't love and shouldn't be received as such.”
“Be more understanding of your person's specific love language. It may be frustrating at first, but you have to understand that love shows itself in different forms. Just because it doesn't look like yours, doesn't mean it isn't love and shouldn't be received as such.”
“Surround yourself with leaders who have their own thoughts and opinions. This is an incredible way to sharpen your mind, learn from diverse perspectives, and merge genius ideas.”
“Try not to fear what you do not understand. Be open and allow yourself to learn new things in life. Ignorance is truly NOT bliss.”
“No matter how crazy it may feel, I found that following my intuitive hunch is always my best bet. When we are grounded, it will never steer us in the wrong direction. Acting as our guiding light and divine compass. So don't question it. Trust it.”
“Nothing in life is unattainable. Don't believe the naysayers. You are the author and illustrator of your book.”
“Eating disorder cause body organs and spirit distinction.”
“The heart of an entrepreneur is the spirit to try.”
“The mission is motivational.”
“The missionaries were motivated by divine guidance to fulfill the mission despite the difficulties nor the dangers.”
“Welcome in 'Curve life Motivate and Inspired Book' from Nozipho's Curve W Qoets Bank with one of these following books Curve Motivate & Inspire Sports & Fitness Book, Curve Motivate and Inspired Beauty Book, Curve Motivate and Inspired Fashion Book.”
“I thought living life without God is enough after I learn lessons in my journey of life which is knowing that everything you do or go through need his leadership so there's no cutting corners or bribe you'll end up play marry go round to learn the lesson.”
“To embrace the ineffable moment, to sense what is beyond and what always remains, to turn the unexpressed despairs into dreams is to be awakened in the noblest way possible .”
“God gave me life, I do not intent to waste it.”
“Trying doesn't end although it seems like time ran out and you think about there's no need to activate your body hold time by doing it will help your heart to join marathon of heathy living.”
“The bodystrike heppen in bodyworkout session caused many Plussize people quit in training special those who do it with the aim of losing kilos.I've got an idea, just change the purpose of doing it do it for healthy living lifestyle cause it heppen in a matter of time, when doing it continueously it makes wonders.lnstead of losing you develop healthy,sexy fit muscles see, you better continue ignore it as my friend bunny and I do.”
“May I confess good people,it been i while my last passing near the mirror, please don't judge me.This things heppen to everyone, since I joined the gym quiters in body strike I'm regretting it cause quiters deos'not win.”
“When your last sweat I mean sweating through activities?Health practitioner says it will make you live long without any deseases and forever young,I agree with them and seeing other people like that a lot what I like is it send a message in unneeded fat that there's no place for it in your body, isn't cool?”
“It sad think to see that many people think that it only body needs fitness the tricky thing is you can workout and build body years end up quitting through ungetting expected results you forget about soul and spirit you can't make it without it to make you balance.”
“Pray help you,to communicate with God, boost energy in spirit and soul, protect in evil, powering mind and your spiritual world.The moment you pray the trinity of God dwell in you,automatical all above things heppen to you not only you through your things house hold through your generations that how Spirit and Soul become fit as bible says.”
“The only way of feeding Soul and Spirit is to read the bible,by doing that you give the inner man the right guidence of doing things, build spiritual muscles burns unneeded fat by guiding you,it become a weapon of fighting evil force like pills and injection which is fighting with deseases in your body, give you authority over things heppen in your life, it is God himself who deal with situations practical,that how you health Spirit,mind and Soul”
“To finish race strong eat healthy food physical and spiritual.That means you can't prepare your body and spirit by quitting food ,eat healthy in a right time before run the race cause you need stamina (100% healthy) before for doing it.”
“To be racked with agony yet to be in awe at what lights the sky, to groan at the briefest memories that left their footprints yet to search for the meaning of life, is an act of bravery ..”
“Let me set some record straight other people think that quitting food like fasting move mountains or fight evil forces nothing like that firstly we talking about spiritual process here every spirit listen God human commanded to move things by faith not fasting you just connect with God, authority,walk by walk with Jesus Christ and believe in him in with what he capable of doing through his words (bible) or practical things that he done in you then you can move the mountains and command evil forces.See no jumping or some sort of magic.”
“Physical quitting food doesn't make you finish strong you see that starch you quited? it what you need.Food is for body eat it in a right way and time limit it instead of cut it off cause the work of power sometimes you doing physical or spiritual need healthy spirit and body and life living as whole demand healthy life more than that some of works or things not belong to you belong to God so you not him get that.”
“Way of dealing with craving it to direct it in a right way when I say right way I mean healthy eating or doing right things that you'll not regret late that you'll benefits with I'll talk about different crave, eating, doing and more I'll answer all it here.”
“In thick people crave eating is familiar thing, the question is how to deal with it firstly accept it and get the way of living with it , right, the thing here is I don't want you to regret after or end up in a bad situation like sick, being obes handle it in a right way.Snack is your tool get it on your drawer,bag,or near you,snack with diy or bought dried fruit and veggies or raw fruit and veggies will help a lot cut off junk snack.”
“Doing things familiar in anybody the solution is find something you you can do hand work if you old age, if is child buy for him or her hand work toy,Youth or teens get sport to play and handy work cause all crave start from the mind if there's nothing you do it mind desperation and end up doing things you're didn't think you were so it better to make a healthy back up while you on your way of fixing situations of finding something to keep your mind busy or start your own business will be an answer.”
“Spirit crave it familiar in anybody who have God calling, how to know that you got this crave?By uncertified feeling like you feel like something missing, that you can't reaching it, going to church doesn't end it,hunger of doing God's things, unexplained spiritual hunger don't fix and more by hiding with doing bad things even suicide not the answer cause it not fix that hunger,the secret is death declaring your suicide application so don't even think about it, you can ask Jonah in the bible from Damascus,fish guts didn't digestive him after swallowing him three days,so solution pray to God ask him to show him what he want you to do that will be the cure for it that will be the end of that nightmare or being hunted by nature about it.”
“My pen and paper can do this better, tell you the story about black girl raised by her father in a poor family rural area with no education and better qualifications to make her life better that me the only thing I had was dream and goal to turn around my situation the bigger I dreamed It what I managed to get as I mentioned the only thing that I know is sound of birds,trees,my dad's goats that I was a sherped of it and water flows I made a decision that I don't want to die on that situation.”
“You can't burial what you have and born with even my history fail that what I motivate and inspired you with,by living life l learn many things I usually say journey of life is my collage and it graduated me the things that I wrote about on my books,blogging and podcasting with is organic raw and what I gone through it, yes I'm not perfect in doing what I doing but I make sure that I give what I have to the world and what can I promise you, I believe that it what I called to serve those I sent to them.”
“By diagnosed with High blood pressure and Chalesterol in my life through obesity teach me in fighting and cure it gave me another chance of learning more and put me in a level of experience new things that that heppened in the moment where I moved on my childhood place when I started to taste different life without any knowledge of carefuling my body size by managing to survive on that deseases I decided to help other people by above ways who stuck and going through on the same situation it what makes me started a Healthy Curve Swagger online business to motivate, impowering and inspired physical and spiritual Curve people to live permanent healthy life, prevent grow old early and depression,stress deseases and boost their confident with above ways and practical experience for you to reach healthy lifestyle goal as I am.”
“More than all deep down in my heart I' d love of people like to help other people I think that my calling and that what lead me to do what I'm doing cause I feel good and sleep peacefully when I heard that there's someone who benefits on what I'm doing no matter how many people the secret thing is fix my hunger that I'd live with.Now you can get my work WordPress org.com, social media, Castbox.fm and book shop, continue on reading my books”
“Deep down in my heart l love people like to help them my life story heppen to meet with that I believe that it is my calling cause it makes me sleep peacefully and fix my spiritual hunger to hear that there's people who benefits on what I'm doing make me wake up in the morning and give me the reason of living my work is out there to help you Subscribe in my link to get it Now right in your inbox and shelf search it online, library shops books,social network Blog Post,FM radio Podcast as I mentioned above”
“Out looking yes you beautiful but it not automatically tell us that you beautiful inside some makeover needed there there's no need for being a problem to others as you look beautiful be too inside you Jesus Christ is helping pill on that just accept him and he'll do the work easy.”
“Beauty makeup artist not make you beautiful the thing is it add on how you look cause sometimes you wear it and become opposite direction instead of people looking you beautiful see different person in it.”
“Every style can suit you if you know how to wear for it.”
“Color, type, and metirial doesn't matter babe you can Rock it with style.”
“Live life to live legacy, for other people to continue it and benefits.”
“Dress for your body type, to make fashion alive.”
“It not clothes that unfit you it you not doing it.”
“You the form of some style the thing you need is to search to find it.”
“It not that you bad person it because people they don't understand you and things you do make more confusion to them.”
“You can't change things you believe in through other people you can compromise to see what they put on the table and make a plan to meet with them half way till you certified with their deal.”
“Allow yourself to learn new things to be grow”
“Being your original help you on being hunted to reveal your reality try it.”
“Being original rescue you on being hunted to reveal your reality.”
“Now you've done it all,certified people with your life tell me your results what is your benefits?”
“Count your blessings one by one see how much as bible says to boost you.”
“Forgiveness not clear the air between you and your enermy only it healthier you physical and spiritual.”
“Welcome beautiful let me be your girl on being beautiful with you to make it perfect.”
“I know that your beautiful eyes with or not make up are designed to see beyond you think.”
“Oh I see you shine like a summer rose but it not make everyone turn with you,why?it not balance nced.”
“I'd you say bright make ups color boost you tell me in what? unrespect or being pushy to others ,it not designed for that gal.”
“No matter how glossy your lips is what I say is it can kill or make someone live either you or someone else better watch it that what bible says.”
“Beauty Makeover doesn't promote fakeness or being photo copy a by doing that you abuse it.”
“Welcome in Curve fashion world allow me to walk in to your wardrobe .”
“To kill it you must finding your body shape with tailors help or tape measurements and follow it with your outfit like clothes that match your body structure .”
“Oh, I see you think to be half necked on your gorgeous or killer outfit is rocking or cool that's not law of fashion and it out of style.”
“I know that you feel like I pressing your corners never it just a good standard for fashion,no short cut in doing it, it you need to explain it.”
“Welcome in Curve fitness and sports room w'll play and train together to be healthy and flexible mostly spiritual motivated.”
“Being motivated and inspired spiritual body size and physical fitness will be easy piece.”
“More than body fitness in sport you need God's hand he can do better for you to score that goal.”
“Welcome in Curve food you on my kitchen to learn deeply by Motivating and Inspired you in both sides spiritual and physical.”
“More healthy lifestyle balanced come from healthy eating spiritual and physical.”
“Eating disorder can cause distinction of body organs and spirit distinction.”
“It not fashion make you feel good,it style you have.”
“Sun is bright sky is clear, ocean calling you to swimm enjoy don't forget winter will come where you'll respect water and being friends of blankets, life is like that enjoy the moment remember the feature.”
“Mathon is starting on the road but it starts from days before you hit the road by dreaming and margin about it.”
“Remember you can fly but you'll sleep on the ground, never look other people down cause tomorrow you'll land on them.”
“Summer is an awesome season but it you'll not sink in the ocean or pool of tears without any life guide who's Holy Spirit (God's spirit)”
“But I do roll the dice Because I refuse to play nice Is that perhaps because I know How simple things matter Like a plate and some rice? Is that why I’m made of equal parts Fire and stone cold ice? I have seen the Devil once, you know He tried to strengthen and grow”
“In the name of look beautiful help the world by being beautiful inside and out to avoid confusion.”
“Don't confuse being kind and being played this is life not the game you must know the different before you regret.”
“I'm sorry to step you in your corners but the truth must be told that you can't Loved by all people cause you not the money.”
“You can be dumped or fired by people but God always welcome you to restore smile in your face.”
“I love your tennis skirt darling you look beautiful but so much work needed to be done on you in order to suit it nicely.”
“Step into a mistry world of believing and trust in you before you blame other people.”
“Wear high hill shoes in hard situations to finish up some stuff it your body language.”
“Glossy lips must pour good words not hurful words.”
“Be an influencer to avoid being influenced that will measure your strength.”
“By reaching your goal means Grow to some level and tell show you how brave and strong you're.not give you a permition for being bossy to others.”
“By reaching your goal means you grow in some level and show you how well you've done? how strong, brave you're not being bossy and abuse other people rights.”
“Guess what? dramatic love look will be your life after transforming Curve fat to a healthy hot sexy muscles body.”
“Does all Curve people struggle or experience stress about it?I don't think so, search here for yourself”
“Marathon not start on the road,it starts by margining, strategies, dreaming about it then hit the road.”
“Start to Finish, will avoid to fail.”
“The story needed to be told that how Curvaceous world like as a harmonic words in the ocean.”
“Tell me your sad story that eating you alive, I promise to be silent only God will read it and sort it for you.”
“Like sun shine over the hills! rise and shine before sunset, do what expected on you,yes that you love to do the most world waiting it.”
“She brought light into the darkest hour She reminded humanity of love’s beautiful power No matter what obstacles she faced No matter how confidently evil paced”
“I will be who I choose to be”
“It dangerous to be comfortable in people's praises will make you expect it in wrong place and time.”
“People can cheer you even if you going on wrong place,why?they don't want to disappoint you!”
“Love to be unliked because it where you'll gain strength,indipendent.”
“When people reject you God welcome you, which you prefer?”
“People live miserably without loving well and people love miserably without living well.”
“You are your own savior, champion, and best friend, your own Knight in Shining Armor.”
“Awakening The historical agonizing moments of hysteria mocking, left negative imprints into my tomorrow mourning, triggering constant anxiousness in the moment worrying, worrying about the past is not living for tomorrow, Awakening from historical trauma is moving forward to live for tomorrow. Facing tomorrow, must be living in the present day. Living at the moment, awakening begins. Feeling the moment awakening awakens. Awakening allows genuine moments to penetrate. Awakening creates new memories of the present time. Awakening aware of the past. Awakening is in the present. Awakening willing to be there for tomorrow. You have awakened from the past, living in present and preparing for tomorrow. You are well awaken living your life.”
“They think they can keep me out, but it does not matter how many locks they hang at the entrance. There is always another door. — The Thief Who Stole the Stars, by Tristan Chirsley”
“GARDEN OF WISDOM A heart that has ached mercilessly Can spin a lifetime of agony Into a solacing garden of wisdom, Offering you comfort And peace. It’s the same heart that knows the Ecstasy of just being alive And cherishes every moment.”
“She was getting up half an hour earlier than usual to do her sun salutations and repeat her mantras. "Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift," she'd chant to herself as she brushed her teeth. "It's not happy people who are grateful, it's grateful people who are happy," she'd say as she brushed her hair.”
“The greatest part of a writer’s time is spent in reading, in order to write. A man will turn over half a library to make a book.”
“When you grow up without a father, you think there is no center and no end to the universe, and you think you can do whatever you want ," said Serhat. "But eventually you find you don't know what you want, you start looking for some sort of meaning, some focus in your life: someone to tell you no.”
“Marriage is about sacrifices, the sacrifice to give and receive. Selflessness, Perseverance, Patience, Compromise &Forgiveness are embedded in making a good home. Both parties need to commit the above and more. Remember, "HIS WORD TWO SHALL BECOME ONE." ( Indeed hidden treasure).”
“Yes, life brings dreams; we dream to live a life. We must live and keep dreaming of becoming engaged with our life purpose.”
“NEVER let anything or anyone STEAL your joy. Those are open to love; we love who you are and just the way you are. We are humans who are not expected to be PERFECT. God made us just the way we are. Our being cannot be defined by how we look but by our character, knowing this to be the best we can be and knowing that we are uniquely created just the way we are.”
“Thank you, women, of the world, for being mothers of NATIONS. The power is in our hands. Stand Up and be Counted! Ladies, Be Fearless! Never quit! Continue to Make History!”
“Love is more about what you are willing to give and receive. If your MARRIAGE is based on love alone, you may become HELPLESS. Marriage should be based on a partnership that empowers both, and LOVE becomes a GIVEN.”
“تذكر أن أهم شيء ترتديه هو ابتسامتك الرائعة، هيا ليروا حقيقتك”
“Perseverance, Perseverance.”
“check the time and date it's never too late, pray and have faith let your spirit elevate don't wait for someone to open the gate take control of your life, navigate the world is yours, break the curse create your own universe”
“I may not have my Bible, but God's words are in my heart. God is with me, and that is the reason that I have the strength to be sitting here holding it together.”
“Don’t blame me for your mediocrity it’s not my fault you lack integrity”
“With your room allawence, this mountains stumbled you to succeed must fall.”
“You think this mountains is bigger than God? Think again!”
“If deseases, growing old early and die before time hunting you through unhealthy lifestyle run in healthy Curve Swagger lifestyle.”
“Quess what? would be a dramatic love look on your transformed body fat to a healthy muscles through body activities.”
“Does every Curve people struggle and stressful through it?I don't think so, search it for yourself it trueth of life.”
“Love yourself enough to protect you in you by living healthy life.”
“You tired to call by names through your body size look just change the lifestyle.”
“Avoid to quit before starting.”
“Being a Qoets author is not about know how to hold or have a pen it about having a word neither being healthy fit is not about having a gym equipment and knowing what to do is about doing it.”
“Start to finish and quite to fail”
“Be careful on two face people the truth is will disturb you and make your life boat sink.”
“No babe you're not explained by number for people who love you or what you've done, it how you treat yourself and how you created.”
“Through your writing, you help people experience meaning, not only in what you write, but also in their own lives.”
“We need four things to survive life: bread, water, oxygen, and dreams!”
“Self-discipline begins with the mastery of your thoughts. If you don’t control what you think, you can’t control what you do. Simply, self-discipline enables you to think first and act afterward.”
“Be happy if you healthy.”
“If world economics is improved, there will be no need for immigration.”
“If you are born in the States, you've won a geographical jackpot. If you are born in a rich family, you've won a hereditary jackpot. I had neither. So I pulled myself up by my own bootstraps and turned my name into a nationality of its own, and my life into a heritage of its own - the nationality of assimilation, and the heritage of self-determination.”
“Be zapped with zeal, be bit by boldness, be struck by tenacity, to obstacles never you kneel.”
“The book of destiny is the being who doesn't believe in destiny.”
“After a good night's sleep, a favorite morning often seems poised to give me more light to meet the opportunities that are still waiting for my dark side to shine.”
“And so  the greatest journey has always been -- chasing paths where your heart beats and finding moments that leave you breathless”
“To write is to unearth all that you have carefully enfolded inside to write is to bring into light the buried dreams and desires you once had of a life you once imagined .to write is to collect the left overs and build them into a house of words ”
“There will always be more that can be done to improve, perform, refine, produce. A final, satisfying point of “arrival” or “making it” does not exist. Finding our value in what we create may seem appealing and can even be motivating for the short term. But it all too easily becomes an endless hamster wheel of proving ourselves and believing that the next “level” of creativity is what will bring the security and significance we seek. Instead, what people actually need is a new starting posture.”
“Someone isn't afraid of losing always find a way to win.”
“I guess I came up from a middle class background  more or less. Get through school, find a job you can tolerate, do your work. Don't rock the boat. But then I watched that Jack Canfield movie. And he said I can have anything. ANYTHING! Just put it on the vision board. Ask, believe, receive. I started to drink in college, and eventually it was time to join AA. They told me about a loving, powerful God. Well that's even better. At some point I started looking for this Higher power, and started tuning into Joel Osteen. Explosive Blessings! Wow. Now my expectations are REALLY high. Once in a while some asshole says something about getting a job, and I tell the fucker to go back to China. "Get a job" is not in the 12 steps. Fuck off.”
“INK Everything we know The things that haunt us in our sleep The scars, The joy, The sweat, The tears Is just a bit of ink.”
“Every single day of your life you do about a hundred things you have no interest doing. To get through the day. And it starts with getting up!”
“How the gentle ivy needs the brick walls to grow  for the tender needs the strong as a valley needs a mountain as the flower needs a sun ”
“You love your life because life never stops loving your body to grow till your last breath.”
“Never give up on the commitment in which the happiness of others creates your inner satisfaction.”
“Wake up to the transitory nature of things – this will free your mind.”
“You can grow in any area of your life if you are consistent.”
“True friendship never asks for valuable things from you, but what is valuable is the amount of time you spent in it.”
“To fight for love is to sacrifice a lot beyond your limits.”
“It is not natural to hold onto the past, just as it is not natural to hold onto the breath. Let go, let go, let go. And be with what is now.”
“The LORD was with them, there was no misery nor misfortune.”
“An inspiring vision is one you can see, feel, understand, and embrace.”
“Your affection has not one particle more or less value because it’s inexperienced. What has value is your decision, your choice to care about someone, not some imaginary hymen in your asshole.”
“Cherish Life Life is a living opportunity, For you and for me. A chance to make things better, For you and for me. When there is life there is a way, The way for you and for me, To find the right pathway. To make things the right way. Life is nature. It needs to be nurtured, By you and by me, For life is a living opportunity.”
“You Can Make the Call for You You can make the call for you to create peace in you, guiding you to a safe road, away from the destruction, the people who hurt you, away from distraction, the voice that put you down. Staying in the pathway to allow you to grow, where there is nourishment, surrounding by people who welcome you with kindness. Where there is light, enlightening you with knowledge. Where is safe to be, your wellbeing matters to those around you. Walking on a solid ground, supporting you in your walk of life. If you happen to fall, you can get up. Where still a clear path for you to walk all over again. Following your call to walk in the right path, where is suitable to live a life you can make it better, that you find peace living in.”
“I Like the Way You Are Getting up in the morning attending to your personal care because you care for yourself. You approach your day with perspectives because you are thoughtful. You have feelings as what people say to you or don’t say to you. You have moments of emotional expressions because you care about what is happening. You want to cry because you care deeply with your heart. You know you need help because you are able to recognize your needs. You want help because you want to improve yourself. You are looking for help because you are strong. You offer help because you are considerate of others. You are physically strong because you maintain yourself healthy and strong. You exercise your talents and skills because you want to contribute to the big picture. You should be proud of yourself for honoring yourself. I like the way you are.”
“With your brain veritably defined by its dynamic neuroplasticity, the cage that holds you back is an illusion. Your brain potential is unlimited.”
“You shine bright, in the night Like a star, lit so bright It's your story right now Say it loud, say it proud It's your glory right now So stand up, take a bow”
“Education facilitates economic development.”
“Without economic development, how can an individual be empowered by education?”
“Don’t just exist, live; explore, enjoy, repeat.”
“Pray, you never know what is possible.”
“”
“Keep trying, don't stop, no matter how slow you move.”
“Enduring endeavour.”
“Enthusiasm is not enough, you must make an effort to act.”
“Education empowers whoever wishes to learn.”
“The Maker will never mislead you.”
“The best remedy for a man in his suffering is to submit to his Sovereign LORD.”
“There is no empowerment like education.”
“Determine to do a diligent work.”
“मनुष्य का कर्तव्य है कमजोरियों पर विजय पाना। आज भगवान् ने मुझ पर एक सत्य प्रकट किया है। जीवन की उत्कृष्टता वासना से युद्ध करने में है, और मैं यह करने जा रहा हूँ।”
“Empower as many people as possible.”
“I want to touch the places others can’t see Defining the future and setting ideas on fire When they question, I show them the golden key Of a pioneer who walks on a revolutionary wire”
“We stand at Armageddon and we battle for the Lord.”
“Stories create an aura of liveliness Where every mind and soul revolve around it -Pratima Raj”
“Stories create an aura of liveliness Where every mind and soul revolve around it”
“The first wealth is well-being.”
“Smile at your best, you never know whose bad day turns bright with it.”
“Spend time ‘on’ dreams, not ‘in’.”
“Life is neither fair, nor a fair; for a fair ends, life goes on. Stay motivated.”
“If you want to be, be positive, there is too much scope, these days.”
“The Domino effect is strange; all fall when one falls but to get back up, everyone, on your own. To effect, be the cause.”
“Virtues sketch the values, not aesthetics.”
“Negative thoughts and friends, better be distanced.”
“Better the deeds, luckier you get.”
“Because those who are good question themselves. Because those who are good always wonder if there was a better way, a way that could have helped more and hurt less. That feeling is why you are good.”
“You can only share your soul with whoever welcomes you.”
“The Holy One is our Divine Healer.”
“Empower yourself with every experience.”
“Don't Chase Money Chase The Passion And Your Desired Destiny Will Chase You.”
“Unless your faith is firm, then can you stand firm.”
“Hope is chief happiness.”
“Life is common among the living.”
“Your success is your success.”
“Should a man not seek guidance from his Maker who made him?”
“God is the fountain of living water.”
“Change Your Perspective, Inspire the World”
“To live for someone is often sacrifice oneself, but to live for one's self glory is to shine oneself in others.”
“Sometimes grief turns you into a hardened sculpture for in it is carved the faraway memories sometimes grief kisses your every wound and awakens you to life again   some other times grief turns you into a poet or it makes you the poem itself ..or the song on the lips of a wounded heart  ”
“Why should the people seek help, where there is no help? Ask God, the Divine Helper to help you.”
“Ask God Almighty, Divine Helper to help you.”
“Thank you teachers for your sacrificial duty of teaching.”
“The best things in life come from stepping outside your comfort zone.”
“One can never know the thrill of a climb if one is born at the top.”
“The loss of love smells like all the sweetness of life slowly fades away.”
“If your ambition and faith are on the same road, they will ride forever.”
“Be bold to be brave.”
“Parallel your life journey in such a way that no one can intersect your life line at any point to break your balance that disturbes the position you have created in the society”
“Everyone needs encouragement.”
“The salvation of a man is his submission to his Maker.”
“The start of a new week is the beginning of an epic future.”
“They say behind every successful man, there is a woman. But I say, behind every successful person, are unsuccessful years full of pain and hard work.”
“Discovering lies in dreams.”
“disasters are instant, improvements are gradual”
“Living becomes easier when one understands the importance of those things and relationships that are most valuable to one's life.”
“Everyone has bad habits. It is your good habits that build you.”
“When you feel like your hope is gone, look back for a second and remind yourself "WHY YOU STARTED?".”
“F*** these men who don’t think we’re beautiful, because there are men who love us big babies!”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my goals. Therefore I have zero tolerance for doubt. If you doubt me you will not have access to me. If I doubt myself I promise to recognize it and shut it down immediately until the doubt is no longer a part of my life.”
“To open the door to progress, close the hinge of laziness.”
“Your Goals Your Life Your Choices :)”
“Self-love is the balance between accepting yourself as you are while knowing that you deserve better and working towards it.”
“Happiness doesn't always involve achieving success. Most of the time it's about showing up every single day.”
“When you feel like your hope is gone, look back for a second and remind yourself "WHY YOU STARTED?".”
“The mercy Maker is the Mighty One.”
“Do not take your health for granted, thank God for your well being.”
“Grief does not kill the light it reveals it ..Agony does not kill the ecstasy .it unfolds it  Dark does not extinguish the Dawn it unwinds it ..”
“Generous in love-God, gives grace.”
“You must daily build your strength in the spirit in order to overcome your struggles.”
“Wait patiently on God because the heavenly blessings he gives are permanent inheritance.”
“Whoever wishes for the heavenly blessings must first learn to prevail persistently in prayer.”
“I would rather fail than regret!”
“To act is to commit, and to commit is to take risks.”
“Tell me, if you can replicate any two days?”
“If only you'd give in . to the longing inside you would hear your deepest cry ..if only you'd give in . to your ache inside you would feel your unshed tears ..if only you'd give in to the yearnings unmet ..you would meet yourself  tender and fierce .soft and wild for you are the light when dawn breaks in sky you are the dark when sun comes down ”
“Beauty rises  from a place of tenderness for it is what pushes a human . to be humane .”
“Leere ist gut. Leere heißt Platz für Neues, Platz zum Durchatmen.”
“The scars are written  in the stars and from it flowers . the unrhymed poems  .and somewhere out there a leaf trembles a bird cries .for it breaks  .through the frigid ground .as the rain falls .and the earth makes music again ..  ..Jayita Bhattacharjee”
“Words go beyond the human imagination - it grips and roots themselves into your frequency which ultimately affects your energy.”
“Change the world with your way of life, one day it will change the direction of the people.”
“Start small, I always reminded myself. It was in keeping with the respect for labour that my parents had instilled in me. My father had often said, "No labour is an insult, the lowest form is digniﬁed and worthy of respect. Start from the lowest rung." Think big I reminded myself. My father also used to say, "It is important to think without limitations. Confining ideas stunt potential.”
“[My father] would tell me not to listen to too many words. "The strength of words lies in implementation, otherwise they are meaningless." He himself was a man of very few words, but whatever he said was enough to make an impact on me. He explained why, "Too many dialogues scatter and waste, say a little so that your words are remembered.”
“Do not go up and come down. A tree grows high from roots deeply embedded beneath the surface of the earth, it does not grow downwards from the sky. Likewise character develops by noting and correcting the smallest flaws in the grind of a laborious struggle. The outcome of that is its future strength.”
“[During childhood,] My friends would laugh at me [at my appearance] as well as for my big plans. They began to call me, Shaikh Chilli, a legendary character with big dreams and no action. They joked, "When all the matter in your head dries up it will shrivel like stale bread. Think a little, about a little. It is better for your future." I was never discouraged and smiled back at them, “l can begin small, but why should I think small.”
“For what is eternal  Speak to me of it . That which emerges  .through the thick drizzle of grief ..for you find your way and sense what you seek ..for the charm remains formless .in the silence that is soundless ..as it resounds  amidst the mountains  ..and emerges through the vales ..for what is truly beautiful never really dies .rather stays as a pure spring of delight  ”
“Start small on something big.”
“Bear all things with brevity.”
“Falling down is part of life. Recovery is the real measure of something's worth.”
“I was given life to live.”
“Caution means be careful.”
“Life is what every living thing has.”
“You will find strength, if you endure your struggle enough.”
“Be patient in the pursuit of your dreams.”
“There is no retreat like repentance.”
“Life is a miracle marvelous in every moment.”
“One moment of anger ruins a lifetime of dreams.”
“It takes a lifetime to build a name, and yet one day is enough to flush it down the toilet.”
“The man who takes more pride in the steps to attain the result than the result itself cannot be stopped. The work truly instills the worth.”
“Try you never know what you can do.”
“If you aim at it, you find what it takes to realise it.”
“There is no blessings like been able to breath.”
“The only thing that gives you confidence is the work you put in. Your self-worth is directly correlated to your self-investment.”
“It is a true act of insanity to expect others to believe in the same ideals. One person’s vision of utopia will be another’s version of Hell. I believed that if I gave my writing to a corporation to publish was attune to having my soul ripped out and leaving me a lifeless husk. However, working for an insurance company with no hope for my future was the rebellious act of a petulant child. Sometimes the things that we truly believe in are the things that are drowning us.”
“This is not the haze that has clouded your eyes for the first time neither it is the fog that will mystify you for the last  .for a thirst so fierce dries your lips .for a mouthful of melodies .the thirst that overpowers every loss .like the honey that smoothens the sharpest of edges .so your lips can live with songs and not scars ..so dawn will show unannounced in the thickest of dark .so you will heal as you kiss your wounds .as you pick up what is left of the broken promises .and wishes that remain unfulfilled ..so you will press those pieces like roses between the pages .and every tear will turn to a sonnet so in the dark . if you collapse into a powerlessness you will still remain ..with lips full of lyrics ..”
“You can only conquer with courage.”
“She'd long ago learned an important lesson--there was always a way to wrestle with the impossible.”
“If God has given us life, we must live in the land to do good.”
“Grief seems like feeling unbroken one moment and breaking into pieces in another, walking away from places that bring back the memory of what once was there, who once lived there, swaying in rage, caught in a fog of depression, acceptance and denial, slow waning of interest, a desire to retreat in aloneness as if it is beyond the understanding of this world of your colossal loss, searching for that familiar face while walking down the streets ..”
“Fall in love with what you do, only can you do your best.”
“Don't seek for mere pleasure but look for pure joy.”
“Don't allow the worries of this world to deprive you from worshipping your Maker.”
“Don't despair.”
“Work hard enough and your dreams will become memories.”
“Melancholy is the enticing madness that evokes solitude and ecstasy as it is the song of a secluded sadness, a laughter veiling the falling rain .”
“Your Goals Your Life Your Choices :)”
“After a while, San Lang said softly, “Something like saving the world, it really doesn’t matter how you do it. But, although brave, it’s foolish.” “Yeah,” Xie Lian agreed. Hua Cheng continued, “Although foolish, it’s brave.”
“History is written with blood, sweat, and tears, and it is etched into eternity by the quiet endurance of courageous people.”
“If you’re so afraid of rejection that you won’t take risks, you’ll miss out on a lot in life.”
“San Lang, things aren’t always that absolute. Sometimes, it’s not up to you to decide if the road is easy to walk.' Hua Cheng said softly, 'I might not be able to decide whether the road is easy or not, but whether I walk it is.”
“Exhausted yet they kept pushing forward by the grace of God to reach the promise land.”
“”
“Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect”
“Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark . Professionals built the Titanic”
“Where do we begin?” “At the beginning.”
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle”
“You think I should stop feeling sorry for myself and go do something?" Blink. I gave a wan smile. "Direct and to the point.”
“San Lang, things aren’t always that absolute. Sometimes, it’s not up to you to decide if the road is easy to walk.' Hua Cheng said softly, 'I might not be able to decide whether the road is easy or not, but whether I walk it is entirely up to me.”
“In the midst of the storm, be still.”
“Whatever your situation, don't give up on hope, hold on, pray for strength.”
“In the storm, call on God, the Saviour to save you.”
“There is a God who can save you in any situation, call on him, the Divine Being.”
“Our duty is to call on God, his duty is to respond at the right time.”
“No matter the difficulty you faced, don't kill yourself.”
“Hold on, hang in there but hope in the Lord your God.”
“Disobedient leads to defeat.”
“Obedience to God is way to be an overcomer.”
“Remember always, there is a God, the Divine Helper.”
“Don't be helpless nor hopeless but trust in God.”
“Education is not having a set of Degrees but Education means to have Awareness, And to implement changes in the society. Not Superficially but from the Roots, Which does not involve politics But a pure intent for the Betterment Of The New Generation.”
“Sometimes, you must let go, the sure way to gain new grounds.”
“The one you know is the one you are willing to know.”
“To enjoy someone's company, there be two way committed communication.”
“Be humble, you will not be harm.”
“God is our saving help, therefore, we shall always put our hope in him alone.”
“Whoever is bestowed with words, becomes a writer.”
“Firm was my resolve and fragile was my heart. I saw many ends and many a start.”
“English: "We can't be happy in an unhappy world, so we need to change our surroundings." Česky: „V nešťastném světě nebudeme šťastní, tak musíme měnit okolí vlastní.”
“If you don't do anything to improve upon yourself no one will do that for you.”
“English: "Be an active cause of success, no a consequence of someone's scorn." Česky: „Buď aktivní příčina úspěchu, ne důsledek cizího výsměchu.”
“English: "Each of us has a meaning, because our decisions influence others through the world." Česky: „Každý máme smysl, protože naše rozhodnutí skrze svět ovlivňují ostatní.”
“If you're facing the worst, then your back is certainly towards the best. All that remains is for you to decide whether or not to make that 180-degree turn that will surely bring a sharp contrast to your life.”
“What we do in solitude defines us.”
“Without well being, there is no wealth.”
“Without peace of mind, how can you perform?”
“Surrender, Submit, Sing.”
“Believe in Your Vision because Purpose and Mission are led by Vision.” ~Sherrie Rose”
“Just be good. Baby you are a queen. Give wisdom a chance to be seen.”
“Without situations, no strength will be developed.”
“Tears of sadness will erase the pain of life”
“Tears of sadness will erase the pain of life.”
“May you have an heartfelt joy to be alive.”
“Be the first when no one comes, be the last when all are gone.”
“Where there is grief, there once was love, where the barren fields stand, there once was a river that ran, where the drought remains, there once was, a tender stream that flowed ..”
“Of what use are the memories if not to grow flowers .. on the barren fields. Of what use are the falling tears if not to weave the string of pearls in the hardest hours ”
“Life becomes a moment to moment ecstasy when you stay connected to your spirit as you learn to live by what binds you to your soul even a speck of dust will turn to a glittered star folding your despair while unfolding your dreams ..”
“In any situation, always remember God is step ahead”
“Pray for power to perform the action.”
“Deep courage come from knowing Christ.”
“Direction is better than speed.”
“It's not about the obstacles but your discipline to stay focused on your goal till you win.”
“English: "I live in a way to make my daybook readable and interesting." Česky: „Žiju tak, aby můj deník byl čtivý.”
“Live your dreams. Breathe your dreams. Never give up on your dreams.”
“The sweet fellowship of prayer gives peace.”
“Whatever be your burden, bring them to the Lord through an earnest plead in prayer.”
“Thank God for the troubles, I learn't how to trust in him alone, for he is the very present Helper at all times not only in times of troubles.”
“She bleeds poetry. She is an old soul. She has already existed since the day the Earth gave birth to nature. She felt the sweet caress of the wind touch her skin and the silent cries of night. She heard the screaming of thunder as the lightning bolt stabbed the heart of the weeping sky. She saw everything bloom and heard a soft sound of relief as they threw their burdens into the listening earth. She is strong enough to bear it all as time changes and has learned to live with the pain of losing and winning. She can't be defeated, nor be broken. She'll continue to live again and again. And if someone were to break her down or break her heart, she couldn't be shaken. She'll stand up and let poetry bleed into her. She's rare and SHE IS ME.”
“Once adversity reveals your strength, and you know what you can endure, you become an irrepressible force of nature.”
“Someone needs to tell those tales. When the battles are fought and won and lost, when the pirates find their treasure and the dragons eat their foes for breakfast with a nice cup of Lapsang souchong, someone needs to tell their bits of overlapping narrative. There's magic in that. It's in the listener, and for each and every ear it will be different, and it will effect them in ways they can never predict.”
“There is none like God.”
“Your fragments of knowledge will lead to competence. Your competence will lead to fluency. Your fluency will intensify to higher and higher levels of fluency. The best attitude, however, is that your attempt to master the foreign language, should remain perpetually unfinished business. You'll succeed if you make sure you never go to bed knowing no more of your target language than you did when you woke up!”
“Comfortable surroundings do not cause us to tap into our faith reserves.”
“Adversity carves the way towards purpose; it builds a resiliance in the human spirit that will remain for eternity.”
“If I hadn't encountered the trials and hadn't experienced the soul-destroying agony that almost put me in the grave, I would never have collided with destiny.”
“It was easier to give up, but was that really how she wanted her life to end? Kaiya Parks - gone at seventeen, experienced little of life, accomplished even less.”
“We live in this moment. Who we are now is more important than memories of your past.”
“ Now is the only time change occurs.”
“Sedimenting your efforts to make someone else's dream a reality in your life is analogous to building a sandcastle because you never know how quickly it will all cease to exist.”
“Endeavour to extract the maximum benefit from everything you’ve amassed , instead of working blindly to amass the maximum of everything.”
“Focus on your aim, don't let it become your dream.”
“Be bold to count your blessings.”
“In the pull of unknown I sense my thirst .and so I wander the way wild winds do .the way the tides long for the shores the way the stars through darkness meander .like the ships adrift at sea .the way the robins flutter in the winds the way the sea lulls itself to sleep .and starlight lives in the deepest of my deeps .”
“In the pull of unknown, I sense my thirst and so I wander the way wild winds do, the way tides long for the shores, the way the stars through darkness meander like the ships adrift at sea, the way robins flutter in the winds, the way the sea lulls itself to sleep and starlight lives in the deepest of my deeps .”
“The biggest enemy resides between your ears. Don't let the negativity in your head ruin your present. Listen to the good thoughts and write your narrative of a successful life today. You make who you are and will be in the coming days.”
“In the pull of unknown, I sense my thirst, and so I wander, the way wild winds do, the way tides long for the shores, the way the stars through darkness meander, like the ships adrift at sea, the way robins flutter in the winds, the way the sea lulls itself to sleep and starlight lives in the deepest of my deeps .. In search of a river, I came at last, one rainless summer day, for lost I was in living without the love, my thirst is what split me in deeps. In the burning sky, I beheld your blaze. You blow as the wild winds blow from east, on the sands are the footprints beneath the blues of heaven, and in the sun, a golden gem. Your love as a river into my mouth, your blaze blows every desire that had me possessed, your arms have me wrapped tight with the light, for ended is the dark as dawn breaks in my deeps. From hither to thither, in longing I will flow, and eternally you will be the river for my thirst.”
“In the pull of unknown, I sense my thirst, and so I wander, the way wild winds do, the way tides long for the shores, the way the stars through darkness meander, like the ships adrift at sea, the way robins flutter in the winds, the way the sea lulls itself to sleep and starlight lives in the deepest of my deeps .. In search of a river, I came at last, one rainless summer day, for lost I was in living without the love, my thirst is what split me in deeps. In the burning sky, I beheld your blaze. You blow as the wild winds blow from east, on the sands are the footprints beneath the blues of heaven, and in the sun, a golden gem. Your love as a river into my mouth, your blaze blows every desire that had me possessed, your arms have me wrapped tight with the light, for ended is the dark as dawn breaks in my deeps. Hither to thither, in longing I will flow, and eternally you will be the river for my thirst.”
“Life is infinitely great but your problems make it small for you”
“Without circumstances no courage could be developed.”
“If a man is to be bold, he must first believe in his Maker.”
“There is a God to help you if only you can call on him in any circumstance.”
“Am helped because I have hope in God, he is my Helper.”
“No can live for you or die for you.”
“Without experience, no wisdom is learnt.”
“Let your life be happy voyage.”
“Salvation is as necessary as success.”
“A man is protected by his prayers.”
“We can only aspire to become unshakable when we take ownership for our state of mind and how we feel about situations life hands out to us”
“There's only one earth, and one glorious sky One fleeting time, quickly passing us by To put our differences aside, and make everything alright For our one human race No matter what tongue, creed, color or faith”
“Life is as incomplete and imperfect without difficulties, as a rose without a staircase of thorns.”
“Only when you go against the flow will you find your own flow.”
“Your kindness might cause you pain, a sense of betrayal, heartburn. Be kind anyway.”
“How we treat others is a reflection of how we treat ourselves. It is rare almost impossible, for a mean, conniving, hurtful, racist, bigoted person to truly love themselves.”
“Your true friends are those who are TRULY happy for you when you succeed. Be that true friend for others.”
“If I can't trust you, it doesn't matter how smart you are.”
“You don't control your results. You always control your inputs.”
“Better to be lost for something worthwhile. Instead of getting lost in everything worthless.”
“Safe is better than sorry. Nope. Risk is better than regret.”
“Everyone had different beginnings. Different temperaments of parents. Totally different interests and hobbies. Different ways parents perceived success. Different teachers who taught you to fit in. And you expect yourself to outsmart someone else. It is an insult to your journey. And an insult to what all you have endured to get here.”
“Loss is a result. Fear is an input. You don't control your results. You always control your inputs.”
“The bondage is broken by the blood of the blameless lamb, the Lord Jesus Christ.”
“Motivation supplies ignition, and habit provides fuel, to the flame of desire”
“To the stimulus of responsibility, one's immediate response may, unexpectedly be, fear. Yet, fear imparts a strong reason for progress. Had it not been for mankind's fear of darkness and ignorance, our world shall never have been encased in light and knowledge, as it is today.”
“Brain endeavours to import knowledge and export ideas when fed with motivation and supplemented further, with a meaningful purpose.”
“When the efforts made to accomplish it are blinding, success is visible.”
“Unpaid efforts in the present accumulate inevitably, to yield hefty interests in the future.”
“Difficulties arise to enrich our life with experience by putting our strength to the test.”
“Time, through it's unavoidable accumulation clogs our painful memories provided there are no regrets to oppose this process.”
“75 percent of the constituent alphabets in the phrase "Your personal life" establish one's right to withhold, barricade, and restrict others' access to specific exclusive information, generally referred to as: A SECRET”
“Riveting discoveries unfurl when one thinks the unimaginable, instead of imagining the unthinkable…for thought precedes imagination and sculptures acceptance for new ideas.”
“A disease is not defined by the complete and permanent lack of EASE. It is just a phase of DIS-rupted ease that departs with the return of hope and positivity.”
“Every OPPORTUNITY as in a coin toss, brings victory or defeat in a 1:1 ratio.”
“The blunderer who expects to receive a searing lash of someone's rage , but instead receives a breeze of their tranquilly is swamped immediately with unfathomable shame and misery.”
“The healing process, in my opinion, is carried out via a sequence of processes abbreviated as AIR; A - Admitting that you're broken. I - Identifying your shattered and distorted areas R - Repairing it with a hopeful and constructive attitude.”
“Allow yourself to forge friendships with those who seize your presence in , instead of sizing it up.”
“If someone tells you that you can't achieve your purpose, show them something they are unable to do, they will just walk away in confusion. People with true intelligence don't rely solely on naysayers for their advice. They simply smile without speaking. Real creative motherfuckers show the results of their achievements, not the proof. You don't need to convince ignorant people wrong, just persevere in the profession you have faith in, and one day they will look up to you and apologize for the skepticism they put towards you. Be yourself, have confidence in your abilities, fucking don't get depressed by mistakes: it will happen, embrace it, and begin again. Just keep on following the course of becoming your own inspiration that will encourage others to go after their own vision.”
“We are all messed up creatures trying to find our way through life.”
“It takes effort to find love. It takes effort to feel fulfilled. It takes effort to be fit. It takes effort to be happy. Which is why most of us do not have love, fulfilment, happiness or fitness in our life.”
“If you’ve had to make an effort to fit-in , then it concludes that you’ve been trying on the wrong size”
“The truth is the truth and the real is the real, and you have the right to say exactly how you feel.”
“Embracing The Storm The key to living through storms Is embracing them Taking every moment of beauty Every sadness And knowing it is your own Leaving the ones that have passed Letting go Facing the newest times With even the smallest bit of courage Though it can be terrifying to try Taking on the storm And then watching it Pass by”
“It is not the privilege that harms us. It is our lack of awareness of our own privilege that harms us.”
“The Lord keeps the lamp burning continually.”
“The gospel is the good News of God.”
“God requires you to do what is right.”
“Some prayers takes years for God to answer, thereof, keep praying!”
“This IWD, while toasting and celebrating fabulous womanhood let's not forget to salute mother of all, a great woman, NATURE for her evergreen care, gifts and unconditional love. Happy International Women's Day, beautiful beings!”
“Truth is a thought provoking mechanism designed to bring about a virtuous change , but tailored minimally to suit one’s liking.”
“Be thankful to thy teacher.”
“She is involved in work her soul must have.”
“Just don't give up, a miracle could happen!”
“You may be the most beautiful woman on planet earth, but I will not change my principles for you.”
“Ensure you never disrupt someone's peace of mind if they find their true identity. If they discover their purpose, let them be themselves. Teaching them to love like a beautiful flower is more important than teaching them to condemn the world with religious indoctrination that is like a tsunami destructing their own ray of colorful sunlight.”
“˝ Not failure, just a lesson I had to learn. ˝”
“The choice is ours to act on what we know.”
“When life deals you Lemons, go to Miami and trade it for an Orange. They are sweeter.”
“Motivation is not the event; it is the outcome.”
“What is often required Is just a little courage To actually walk the road! Dead ends will always be there, But within you lights a lamp Which shall make you push and shove All the endings, Transforming them Into new beginnings!”
“POEM: "THE LORD" - Lailah Gifty Akita The Lord blesses. The Lord baptises. The Lord encourages. The Lord enlightens. The Lord edifies. The Lord empowers. The Lord heals. The Lord hears. The Lord helps. The Lord protects. The Lord provides. The Lord punishes. The Lord prepares. The Lord purifies. The Lord performs. The Lord gives. The Lord guards. The Lord guides. The Lord teaches. The Lord touches. The Lord answers. The Lord judges. The Lord defends. The Lord defeats. The Lord leads. The Lord loves. The Lord lights. The Lord creates. The Lord comforts. The Lord conquers. The Lord favours. The Lord forgives. The Lord fulfills. The Lord supplies. The Lord strengthens. The Lord sacrifices. The Lord sanctifies. The Lord saves. The Lord rescues. The Lord reveals. The Lord renews. The Lord rewards. The Lord reigns. The Lord restores. The Lord revives. The Lord relents. The Lord rules. The Lord opens. The Lord overcomes. The Lord instructs. The Lord manifests. The Lord shows mercy. The Lord warns.”
“All peace ends from talking about others. All peace starts from stop talking about others. So choose peace.”
“We only get a few moments In this life We must live and love them well”
“We are storms that never die.”
“If you need help, God can help you, call on him.”
“God promises, therefore, he can performs.”
“Freedom is not for the cowards and the weak. It must be defended wherever it resides. Defended by all that seek it's enduring existence.”
“Paint your own path even if that means walking it alone, sometimes that’s when you get the best surprises in life. - Martha Mandaric”
“The power of contentment is the grace of cheerfulness.”
“At times you’ve no one around to be blamed for all the shit you have to go through in life. It’s not always the mistake of the people of the world that you were not granted something you wished so bad to have. It’s just not written for you. It’s not as easy to feel as it sounds to hear this fact from your loved ones who’re trying to console you or read anywhere on a paper, unless and until you’re in those circumstances experiencing the thing you loved the most taken away from your hands. Every second feels like torture that you’ve never heard, never encountered, or experienced before.”
“There is only one timeline. There is only one you.”
“More ominous the night, more spectacular the daybreak.”
“Be the cactus, a proof of unsubmission, and blossom amidst the fiercest environment.”
“There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.”
“As a child learns to dream, they grow like flowers in a garden - aspiring to become something amazing like a rainbow flower. Just as you can teach them to cultivate their own gardens and forge their own roses, you can also teach them to become good individuals by planting one seed at a time.”
“Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.”
“To find out if you're right about something, you have to test it.”
“There is nothing more beautiful than the present. Live it!”
“Perfect your own powers.”
“In a war between customers and the company, customers might lose the fight due to the difference of powers, but the company is the ultimate loser.”
“Your success is your responsibility, nobody else's.”
“Raise your power in silence, become a dynamite of resilience.”
“Bearing crisis upon crisis, we shall rise as creator.”
“Are your actions making a difference to this world? If not then align your actions to improve people's lives.”
“Go after your dreams no matter how far they might seem today. Just start taking steps towards them and your dreams will be yours.”
“Prayer is the only power for prevailing in all matters.”
“The frustration of the customer grows exponentially. It’s best resolved at the bottom of the curve.”
“Allow yourself to be open-minded. Take a step away from the couch and move.”
“But their voices and their words move mountains, create waterfalls, mend hearts, and make this world closer to what it should be.”
“But if I am going to paint my own future, then I can't have have people-pleasing on my paint palette. It only muddles the rest of the colors.”
“Learn to learn. The way I see it, it's much more important to be a good learner, than to know it all.”
“Aimlessly working towards progression will not get you far.”
“Fill your life with experiences, not things. Have stories to tell, not stuff to show. Write to express not to impress.”
“Fear was Can't. Fear was Won't. But fear wasn't ever a choice. To never fear was to never hope. Never love. Never live. To never fear the dark was to never smile as the dawn kissed your face. To never fear solitude was to never know the joy of a beauty in your arms. Part of having is the fear of losing. Part of creating is the fear of it breaking. Part of beginning is the fear of your ending. Fear is never a choice. Never a choice. But letting it rule you is.”
“Whoever shall call on the name of the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, shall be saved.”
“FEAR has its Reasons, COURAGE has Responsibility”
“Still staying fervently prayerful, for I know God is forever faithful to fulfill his promises.”
“There is Saviour, Jesus Christ.”
“The great deliver is the Divine Being.”
“There are choices you make in life that cannot be undone and that cannot be buried. They can only be carried, and you either buckle beneath the weight of them or grow strong enough not to. And growing is always worth it if it helps you get to that next thing that makes life worth living.”
“No matter how hard you work on something, only when you find a smart way to do it, do people recognize you.”
“Success doesn’t just happen; it doesn’t pot out on its own. Success is all about the choices you make. It’s a balancing act between what to choose and what not to.”
“Tak ada mimpi yang sempurna di dunia yang tak sempurna ini”
“When you just can’t bear all the selfishness, lies and spite, When it feels like the weight of the world is on your shoulders, When you’re tired of with fortune, putting up a fight, When you think you’re stuck in a dark cave with no light between the boulders- Just remember, that after the darkest hour only, comes the dawn, And many doors will open up, if you just learn to carry on!”
“When the murky clouds Began drizzling gloom When there was nothing But darkness around When everything Looked hazy and misty Suddenly there twinkled A star Far away.”
“The world would change dramatically if people started supporting and appreciating entrepreneurs in the way they appreciate and admire art and artist.”
“I have failed more than a hundred times in different things in my life but the only reason I am successful is that I do not stop myself from trying one more time.”
“Devotion is very necessary to achieve something big, without complete dedication towards one thing no one has ever achieved anything big in their life.”
“It's okay if people reject you too many times not everyone deserves great opportunities and not everyone deserves to work with great people.”
“Everyone is a magician, it depends on how much you believe in your magic.”
“In misery, do not be sad but sing.”
“A man may not know misery, if he delights himself in music.”
“Life is so precious, we all are having a very limited time. To access the knowledge of Truth & the Creation.The sooner you get it, the lesser you'll struggle in between the conflicts of Consciousness and Heart ”
“There's a part of you that can never change. That's the inner you. That's your BEAUTIFUL SOUL.”
“By accepting that no two perceptions in the world could ever be identical, we can avoid so many arguments, debates, fights, lives, and relationships every day.”
“There are two bases for our decisions: logic or comfort. When we start making decisions around our comforts, our reasoning abilities become weaker, and our comfort zone becomes smaller.”
“All he needed was one thing to keep himself together until tomorrow. Tomorrow itself was another battle, but today? Just one thing.”
“If I am constantly “doing” but never “becoming,” my capacity to “do” will shortly become the primary limiting factor of my life.”
“Circumstances vary; self-kindness does not. It is a constant.”
“A crisis which can be distractive, can turn out to be constructive.”
“The loss of personal intimacy has become an expanding gap- a virus called “quick fix”- one that convincingly says you can’t wait…. Viewing God through the eyes of an Amazon Prime account holder! Sadly some have taken this attitude in their spiritual lives…. Sometimes unknowingly.”
“Before Leonardo da Vinci painted The Last Supper, he saw the masterpiece in his mind. Before Winston Churchill led Britain during World War II, he envisioned winning the battle. Before Tiger Woods won his first championship, he saw himself holding the coveted trophy. There are times when God gives you a dream so distinctly that it changes the direction of your life.”
“There may be days when you get up in the morning and things aren't the way you had hoped they would be,  .that's when you have to tell yourself that things will get better. There are times when people disappoint you and let you down, but those are the times when you must remind yourself to trust your own judgments and opinions, to keep your life focused on believing in yourself and all that you are capable of. There will be challenges to face and changes to make in your life, and it is up to you to accept them. Constantly keep yourself headed in the right direction for yourself. It may not be easy at times, but in those times of struggle you will find a stronger sense of who you are, So when the days come that are filled with frustration and unexpected responsibilities, remember to believe in yourself and all you want your life to be because the challenges and changes will only help you to find the goals that you know are meant to come true for you. Keep believing in yourself.”
“Your attitude determines your happiness, not your circumstances." - by Sri Guru Vyas”
“The thing about making butter is that it feels like it'll never be done, almost right up to the moment when it is done. If what you want is butter, you have to keep going, even if you only half believe you'll get there.”
“If you ever feel helpless  go and help someone. Yes, you! Just go ”
“Da giovane è facile credere che ciò che desideri sia ciò che ti meriti, è facile convincersi che se davvero vuoi qualcosa, è tuo sacrosanto diritto ottenerla.”
“C'è tanta gente infelice che tuttavia non prende l'iniziativa di cambiare la propria situazione perchè è condizionata dalla sicurezza, dal conformismo, dal tradizionalismo, tutte cose che sembrano assicurare la pace dello spirito, ma in realtà per l'animo avventuroso di un uomo non esiste nulla di più devastante di un futuro certo. [ ] La gioia di vivere deriva dall'incontro con nuove esperienze, e quindi non esiste gioia più grande dell'avere un orizzonte in continuo cambiamento, del trovarsi ogni giorno sotto un sole nuovo e diverso.”
“You don't understand how powerful love is until it changes everything you stand for and who you are.”
“Listen up: just because you have the capacity to do something for someone, it doesn't mean you have the obligation to especially when they won't even appreciate you for doing it”
“If I considered other people's mediocre standards a sufficient metric by which to measure my own accomplishments, I'd have never amounted to anything.”
“..your ambition is your beauty,”
“Don't live on the comments of people but on the truths of God.”
“When you focus on solving the big problems of this world, you will eventually find big solutions for those problems.”
“Where you find the end is the real beginning.”
“Sometimes you start early and finish later, it does not mean that you have taken more time, it means that you experienced much more than others.”
“Focus on one thing and be blind for everything else so that the whole world can see you shining.”
“How do you cultivate optimism? By learning the secret of contentment. If you can learn that, then no matter what happens to you, you can weather the storm and build on the good you find in any situation.”
“Behind every triumph there's a thousand tragedies.”
“Having both normal eyes doesn't necessarily mean ability to see. There are so many individuals with both normal eyes, such powerful potential to see  But they can't see anything.”
“If you have not done something to improve a human's life in some way, you have not truly lived.”
“Sad but sometimes clever" Difficult to describe my sadness; It broadens the vibe of madness; Yet not all proscribe of alertness; Running the bribe awkwardness; I knew people ascribe bitterness; Not good, step imbibe blindness; My mouth diatribe I do calmness; Hush feels jibe in our cleverness;”
“Sometimes transformation begins with darkness. Complete and total darkness. Sometimes transformation feels like not being able to move— Not being able to breathe. And it hurts. When everything inside melts. Moves. Becomes different. And sometimes, when we feel like this is the end— that we have reached our capacity— that there is no room to exist here— in this moment. In this feeling. In this place— We find strength to push just a little harder, to see the light. To stretch our wings. To wake up. And realize that we have been changed. And our souls are somehow more beautiful— in spite of it. Because of it. Keep pushing. You’re almost there.”
“Each day is meant to edify you and equip you with the necessary tools for you to reach your destiny.”
“As a working rule, no matter what language you are learning, you can assume that the language will have some way of expressing the meaning that you want to communicate. The trick, of course, is to find out how.”
“You can change your Future by changing your mindset”
“You can do anything if you put your mind into it”
“The fastest way to get to easy is through hard.”
“Ordinary people will make sure that you too think ordinary.”
“Success is the best Revenge.”
“People who are intelligent are considered smarter than idiots. Intelligent people will not get distracted by piglets squealing and naysaying. With their deep understanding, their minds will continue to work, in pursuit of their craft, just like night owls at their desks in their quiet lairs; using the blood of the defeated piglets as ink for their writings.”
“Tough as thunder, sweet as honey, that's the motto for a braveheart human.”
“Our visa for the planet earth has a validity of just 100 years. It can expire early, but an extension is unlikely.”
“What drives your buying decisions - necessities, comforts, pleasures, status, or ego?”
“Why do we want to be present in many worlds at the same time? Just choose to live in the moment; it’s the most straightforward recipe for happiness.”
“Find your friends, because life is too short to spend with enemies.”
“Spark exists for a moment and then turns into ash. How is human life different?”
“Any new life skill is worthy learning as you do not have an idea when it will make a big difference.”
“Your real investment for the future is not in banks but in your skills. How much are you investing in your new skills.?”
“My belief is that we have an opportunity, each and every day, to make choices that can have a positive impact, or not. Each day we awake is like a reset. Decide each day to make impactful choices.”
“Time is always new, for dreams to come true Destiny is yours, to do what you do Change is different, but only for awhile Free will it always, brings in a whole new style Competition makes, the fight all worth your while”
“We shall never have a world without errors, but the world that we do have can be a beautiful place if we just had the willingness to correct our errors.”
“I was proud of myself for how well I 'managed' and refused to give up on my dreams.”
“Suffering is power.”
“There's no better place to realign ourselves than at the feet of Jesus.”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gift it holds can come to light.”
“When we loosen our hold on our emotions, they no longer have a hold on us.”
“I believe the 'better part' isn't just what Mary chooses but how she chooses.”
“Scars hold the cure.”
“Trying to do enough in order to be enough, we keep grabbing that rope and pulling it with all our might.”
“The fastest way to get over anything in your life is by revisiting it and giving it a different meaning”
“Someone else had come out with that old line about winning not being everything. Probably Emilia, that’s exactly the sort of thing she liked to believe. And then one of us replied … perhaps even me, I’m not sure … one of us said, Of course winning is everything. Why else do you think we call ourselves the human race?”
“Someone else had come out with that old line about winning not being everything. Probably Emilia, that’s exactly the sort of thing she liked to believe. And then one of us replied … perhaps even me, I’m not sure … one of us said, Of course winning is everything. Why else do you think we call ourselves the human race?”
“Have clear INTENTION to win and then pay ATTENTION to your intention. Be positive to your intentions.”
“The trick is to keep trying until you find a way that produces real results for you. It’s never you who’s broken, but your current approach. Fix the approach, discard what doesn’t work, and you will be much more successful”
“In any hardship, do not lose heart.”
“There is no end to greed. The top is an illusion. Wealth is a moving target. We need to realize that we are following infinity.”
“Learn to love who you are and what you do, and most of all, be proud of yourself.”
“What we achieve or don’t achieve in our lives depends on our decisions. While some decisions open doors, others push us down into a pit of problems.”
“The truth is that happiness doesn’t come from wealth, perfect looks, or even a perfect relationship. Happiness comes from within.”
“Life is a continuous lesson. We need to embrace each problem in life, good or bad.”
“We need to grow as a human being and make the choices that help create the person we want to be, the person we inspire to be.”
“Want to know a secret? You can be happy! You can choose to be happy, and in the vast majority of circumstances there’s no one who can stop YOU except yourself!”
“I' am brave. I am invincible. I am a conquer. Go ahead, send your armies of naysayers, I will be followed by a hoard of lions called supporters.”
“The fact that I'm going to die one day makes me realise that nothing in life really matters more than our own happiness.”
“Imagining yourself to be in the place of a person who failed in handling a problem in his life and thinking that you could have done it better in his place is bullsh*t.”
“A Violin Is Pretty To Look At-But It Is The Music That Generates Its Beauty”
“If you want light, burn, burn 'n burn again.”
“You're the strongest part of my memory and the biggest lie of my life "- By Kuntal Chakraborty.”
“One tends to look at life a whole lot differently when one realises they may lose it soon. -Emit Eht”
“Consistency, Perseverance, Patience and Passion are the four pillars of success.”
“So you think a grain of sand is nothing? Try putting it in your eyes. -Emit Eht”
“Mind is a technology we haven't started using yet. -Emit Eht”
“Depending on how you look at it, even hell can be a paradise, or paradise a hell. -Emit Eht”
“New problems need new solutions. And new solutions bring new problems. -Emit Eht”
“There are things that are so easy that their very ease render them difficult for people to comprehend, and they assume that since it can't be so easy, must be infinitely difficult. -Emit Eht”
“If you always do what you always did, you will always do what you always did. -Emit Eht”
“Sometimes honour brings you insult. Sometimes shame gets you fame. -Emit Eht”
“The only cure to bitches is bitching. -Emit Eht”
“Let bitches be bitches; they get to do what they do best while you get your peace of mind and a good laugh! -Emit Eht.”
“Those who need it seek it. Those who seek it find it. -Emit Eht”
“For a learner, every obstacle, every failure, every difficulty, every enemy, every stumbling block turns into lessons and opportunities. For a non-learner, every opportunity, every chance, every solution, every path is nothing more than a hurdle.It's your attitude that makes the difference. -Emit Eht”
“A burning desire to make your dreams come true can create possibilities to make your impossible dreams possible.”
“My life is a beautiful mess that I dare to own”
“I get a different view of this world. I look at the stars! -Emit Eht”
“When we focus on our weaknesses, we become normal. When we focus on our strengths we become extraordinary. -Emit Eht”
“Survival is just another fancy word for your fear of dying. -Emit Eht”
“When a woman who has been wounded decides to do something, there is no halt. The thorns fail to prick, the darkness refuses to bother and stones along the path keep breaking. A lighted path emerges automatically.”
“Man's beliefs are so powerful, so strong; take them away and he is suddenly nothing. -Emit Eht”
“You strive, toil and sweat to get it. You kill for it. You die for it. When you finally have it, you realize you don't want it anymore. -Emit Eht”
“There's a little bit of wrong in every right and a little bit of right in every wrong. -Emit Eht”
“When you love people you don't want to remember how they died. You want to remember how they lived. -Emit Eht”
“When one has a mighty opponent that can't be defeated, it is wiser to become its friend rather than an enemy. -Emit Eht”
“You can do what you want to do.”
“Becoming the most authentic version of yourself isn't about finding yourself, but remembering who you are.”
“A Fulfilling Life = Purpose + Happiness - Hinderances”
“Be more than what people think you are, Be great!”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gifts it holds can come to light.”
“When we loosen our hold on our emotions, they no longer have a hold on us.”
“Most intelligent people fail because of their lack of desire to achieve something by using their intelligence.”
“My life's journey was horrible and so it's inspiring.”
“Whatever you do, you have to sell something everyday.”
“If your mind is in chains, nothing can free you. If your mind is free, nothing can enslave you. You can't become anyone's prisoner before becoming your own prisoner first, -Emit Eht Emit Eht, Ratna Srivastava, Philosophy, Life, wisdom, intelligence, inspirational, motivational,”
“Sometimes nothing happens for centuries; sometime so much happens in a few seconds.Sometimes nothing changes all your life; sometimes one moment changes your whole existence.Sometimes a lifetime of love fails to suffice; sometimes just a word is enough ! -Emit Eht”
“There's a land somewhere out there, beyond ours, beyond stars, beyond the sun;And the clouds that you see floating in the blue sky are only the floor I walk barefoot on  -Emit Eht”
“If you are wise but weak your wisdom is futile; if you are fearless but fool your courage is a waste.Wisdom and fearlessness go hand in hand. One is quite useless without the other. -Emit Eht”
“But even hope can do nothing for you if you do nothing other than hope. -Emit Eht”
“When you have purpose, it flashes through your eyes, blazes through your gait, rings in your step and shines through every single thing you do. The beauty of purpose is if it's there it's everything. If it isn't there, it's nothing. When clouds purpose to embrace the earth, they become tornadoes. When dust purposes to kiss the sky, it becomes dust storm. -Emit Eht”
“The outcome of a mistake determines it was a mistake or not, because the problem with them is often times you don't know if you are making one. Most people actually think they are the genius of the century while only being the fool of a millennia. Also vice versa..! -Emit Eht”
“Stop chasing people, if they aren't coming into your world after several invites then they don't deserve what you offer.”
“To become the most successful person, focus on one thing and keep working on that one thing throughout your life.”
“May every day of the new year brings New Grace.”
“Man can live in any world he wants, all he needs to do is change his mindset ~Rishi Mathur”
“Always dream big! But if the dream doesn't realize, move on in life chasing what is possible rather than prodding over what is not!”
“Don't let the fear of the unknown guide your heart and judgement; you are capable of many things and no one can stop you from greatness but yourself.”
“People should focus on becoming more knowledgeable and disciplined rather than earning degrees.”
“You can go into any big corporation with clarity and confidence of your skills and knowledge and get job without degree.”
“Your failure of schools and colleges does not define your future.”
“Fearless people always achieve limitless success.”
“Have a strong desire for something you truly believe in.”
“Your startup is your dream which you have been waiting for many years so give your best at any cost.”
“Stress is a part of life and getting rid of stress is an art of life.”
“If you don't work on your dreams no one else will work on your dreams.”
“A man can win against any powerful person if he decides to fight with the will to win at any cost under any condition.”
“Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you”
“Yes Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will”
“As an unbiased individual, I do not hesitate to tell you that setting a goal does not ensure that you will achieve it.”
“Once you decide to do something with a burning desire for success you have already achieved your success.”
“If you decide to achieve anything with clear vision and confidence, then no one can stop you to achieve it in this world.”
“The biggest waste of time remains the time spent in thinking that people responsible for our misery will one day suffer the consequences; because it wrecks us more than them by constantly running in our mind, blocking entry to any positive thought.”
“What endures in states of extreme suffering and euphoria? Meaning.”
“Walk like you came to change the World. You have.”
“New Year Same Person New Motivations”
“No matter what situation you are in in your life, if you have a great vision to achieve your dreams, you will achieve your dream in any circumstance.”
“If insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result then sanity is to change what you are doing until you see the result that you want.”
“I can be both nice and bad, you get the side you deserve.”
“Never settle with average.”
“In times of difficulties, do not get discouraged.”
“Do not lose courage in any circumstance.”
“Don't let anybody put you in a box. You are much more than a millennial much more!”
“Do pushups, so if you fall down you can get up fast, do pullups, so you can pull yourself over a fence if need be, do sit ups, so you can get out of bed in a hurry, do squats, so you can jump up with power, do calf raises, so you can climb hills like a young roe, and run, run so you can out pace the enemy, and fast while the food is plenteous so you'll be prepared when the food is none.”
“Do push-ups, so if you fall down you can get up fast, do pull-ups, so you can pull yourself over a fence if need be, do sit-ups, so you can get out of bed in a hurry, do squats, so you can jump up with power, do calf raises, so you can climb hills like a young roe, and run, run so you can out pace the enemy, and fast while the food is plenteous so you'll be prepared when the food is none.”
“Do push-ups, so if you fall down you can get up fast, do pull-ups, so you can pull yourself out of a hole, do sit-ups, so you can get out of bed in a hurry, do squats, so you can jump up with power, do calf raises, so you can climb hills like a young roe, and run, run so you can out pace the enemy, and fast while the food is plenteous so you'll be prepared when the food is none.”
“We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same!”
“Without the charity of christ birth, can there be any Christmas?”
“Be grateful to God every year you live.”
“Light is used when it is dark, but if we brighten up our lives, we'll not need the light”
“New Year, New things!”
“Teach yourself to be grateful no matter how little you have or receive. That's the first step to contentment. Self-discipline is the key. ”
“Strive For Perfection, cause perfection cannot be reached. But, grind like it exists so that you always do better than your best effort.”
“Walk Like you came to change the World. You have.”
“Walk Like you came here to Change the World. You have.”
“Motivation is like a breath of fresh mountain air – invigorating. And it is largely dependent also on your goal – the destination of your life. So, if you fix your goal and are excited about it, motivation will automatically appear. And finally, of course, if you practice the DOGtrine of Peace, motivation will flourish!”
“I began writing this book in 2007 and it has been a series of challenges from day one…I wanted it to be a complete book, filled with my own experiences with dogs for the past 30 years as well as different voices from different fields across the globe & their experiences.”
“If you will understand that you are capable of doing anything in this world then you will never be disappointed with your failure.”
“Your actions and discipline will define your future.”
“If you have strong faith in your vision then get ready to fail a million times to reach your destination.”
“Your story is really inspirational you just need to be successful to inspire people all over the world.”
“If it's your dream to become something very important, do anything to achieve it.”
“Express what others are afraid to express and they will see great power in you.”
“Your frequent failures are the result of your persistent bad habits and undisciplined life.”
“Focus on using your life to the highest potential.”
“Instead of doing a hundred things, do one thing a hundred times.”
“If you love me I am in your heart, if you hate me I am in your head, either way it's flattering to know that you can't spend a moment without me.”
“Unrealistic dreams can lead you to incredible success.”
“Stay focused and use every moment of your life to achieve your goals.”
“The existence of stars can be seen in the dark; Sometimes you may experience darkness in your life, consider it a blessing to prove your existence.”
“The darkness of the night does not mean that there is no sun in this universe; Sadness does not mean that there is no happiness in your life: Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“It's fun to lose money as an entrepreneur.”
“The most common reason why startups fail is that they don't start.”
“If a man has something that is the least and most, it is time.”
“When you understand the value of time you will realise what you have lost in this world.”
“Those who are willing to take uncalculated risks are those who achieve immense success.”
“I have chosen entrepreneurship over music, singing, acting and art because there is hustle everywhere but that hustle is for your own achievements, only entrepreneurship is something where you try to make other people successful.”
“The journey of making the right decision begins with making the wrong decision.”
“You must know that you cannot take anything with you when you are dying. And by the way slowly you are dying everyday.”
“Those who do not know the value of freedom or who think that something is more important than their freedom, they commit crimes.”
“Social and Spiritual Entrepreneurship is the Future of Entrepreneurship.”
“If you think you have entrepreneurial mindset then you should quit your job and start hiring people for your startup.”
“Understanding why you got success or failure is more important than any success or failure.”
“No one will appreciate your words so make your words your world.”
“It is a great experience to be a monk to give up the fake life and embrace the real life.”
“A bad day doesn't mean a bad week or a bad month or a bad year.”
“Growth redefines itself without permission.”
“Today is the only day, Seize it!”
“Life Is only enjoyed in the Today. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the immutable past or the indefinite future!”
“Don't despair nor be discouraged.”
“Changing hearts and minds requires humbleness, empathy, and understanding. It requires that we maintain our optimism about other people and their ability to evolve and change. It means not giving up hope that they may one day have a change of heart. It means appealing and calling to that deep human longing for dignity and equality that echoes in each of us—that childlike innocence, openness, and inclination to embrace the unknown.”
“Life is a one-way path without a return ticket.”
“Distract yourself from the negativity and that negativity will immediately become powerless”
“You can't move a rock by your self. You just need a lever to change the direction of that rock. That is smart work.”
“If you have at least one person to support and inspire you in any good and bad situation of your life then no one can stop you from being successful”
“Life becomes wonderful when you do wonderful things in your life”
“He who doesn't like to lose often wins here”
“My life experiences are few but the lessons I have learned from those experiences are countless”
“Politics is not a career, it's a responsibility”
“A unsuccessful person is one who stops believing in himself and stops trying to be successful”
“Time is limited and everything else is unlimited, achieving the unlimited in the limited is the real success”
“Never use people for your temporary pleasure”
“Hustle is hilarious”
“When you know you can build something big, don't depend on investors or anyone else, just focus on your goal and make it happen”
“You can achieve anything with spirituality”
“You don't choose spirituality, spirituality chooses you”
“Every idea is just a thought before it turns into reality”
“Crazy people are extremely talented and they live their lives with the highest amount of clarity and confidence and this is the main reason why they seem like crazy”
“Living a spiritual life is the most beautiful experience ever on this planet”
“The tree that bends down escapes the storm !!!”
“أنا نجم لم يحن دوره بعد للبزوغ.. أنا تاريخ لإنسان بشري لم يحن الوقت بعد لبداية صفحاته الذهبية.. أنا قارب لم يحن الوقت بعد ليشق بحره.. أنا صاروخ لا زال ينتظر نهاية العد التنازلي.. أنا حالم لا زال يتحسس خطاه.. أنا ضريح يوقظه الأمل كل يوم.. منهك ولكني صابرا على الشروق..”
“لا مستحيل على مقدرة القدر.. ولا مستحيل إن شاءت النجوم!”
“الصبر هو أصعب شئ يتعلمه الإنسان في حياته. فهو أبلغ وأعظم أنواع الحكمة. يجب أن نشكر الله دائما على أننا من الصابرين. وأن نحافظ على هذه الصفة الحميدة خصوصا في أتعس وأسوء أوقاتنا. فستمر علينا أوقات سنتلقى فيها الهزائم وسنشعر بالإحباط الشديد. وإن كنا أبطالا حقا سنتخطى هذه الأوقات بمنتهى السهولة. فتخطي الأوقات العصيبة هو ما يظهر شخصية البطل وعقليته القوية وليس الاحتفاء بالانتصارات السعيدة.”
“الاحترام أجعله للجميع، والحب أجعله لمن يبادلك ذلك الحب، أما العشق ففي جميع الأحوال سيرغمك على أن تجعله لشخص واحد فقط. فالعشق هو طاقة هائلة من الحب تأتي دون سابق إنذار.. بمجرد أن تبصر توأم روحك ستجد نفسك منجذب إليه وتحبه بجنون دون أية أسباب.. ستتيقن أن كل ما مررت به من علاقات عاطفية لم تكن سوى بدافع الإعجاب.. ستدرك حينذاك معنى العشق.. ستدرك أن كل تلك القصص الرومانسية الخيالية التي كنت تشاهدها بالأفلام وتقرأها في الروايات كانت أيضاً من تربة الواقع.. تعاش كل يوم وكل ثانية.. المؤلم هو أن ليس جميعها محكوم عليها بالنجاح.. فرغم قوة العشق الهائلة إلا أن في بعض الأحيان قد تقهره الظروف..قد يقهره الواقع.. الخيال هو أن نحلم بنجاح كل تلك القصص الرومانسية المزخرفة بالعشق الأبدي.. فرغم أبدية العشق وقوته إلا أن الروايات والأشاعر ذات نفسها تعترف بالواقع وتعمل به أحياناً.. أحياناً نحتاج إلى الخيال لنسقي جذور أرواحنا بالأمل.. ولكننا في النهاية نعود إلى الواقع مرغمين.. من ينتصر هو من يحول أكبر جزء ممكن من أحلامه وخياله إلى الواقع الذي يعيشه كل يوم.. ومن يفشل هو من يظل هائماً بين أحلامه وخيالاته أثناء نوم جسده الذي يثقله الكسل دائماً على المهد دون محاولة تحويل تلك الأحلام والخيالات إلى الواقع الذي يعيشه والسعي إلى ذلك.. فالفرق الواهي بين أحلام النوم والأحلام التي خلقت لتصبح واقعاً هو عقلية الحالم ورغبته في العمل بدلا من النوم.”
“أتعثر اليوم وأنهض غداً.. تلك هى الحياة.”
“يوماً ما، أحلامنا ستصبح تاريخنا.”
“I feel so proud and blessed that I have seen and taken advantage of many great opportunities in this world before millions of people have seen them”
“Potato is still a potato but with time this world has changed so make sure you are not a potato.”
“If you are spiritual then you are spirituality.”
“I have no regrets in my life because i am living my life to the fullest every single second in this world”
“Life is about giving back everything you get from this universe”
“You are a life and you can become whatever you decide it is just a matter of time and decision.”
“I don't care about my enemies because my enemies care more about me”
“Celebrate when it's time to celebrate but work hard before you even think about celebrating”
“Once you have decided to achieve what you deserve, you deserve what you have decided to achieve”
“Happiness is within you, and if you try to find it around you with external energy, you will keep on finding it till your last breath”
“Sometimes you become a completely new person in an instant and it's for your betterment”
“Stay away from people who are not willing to add value to your life”
“Visionaries don't focus on festivals and weekends, they focus on achievements and goals”
“When you know the future, you really know the future”
“Never take future advice from people who know nothing about the future”
“Life is about tomorrow to make today better”
“Whatever life i have in my hand is a blessing from God, I have everything i need to add values to this world and make this world a better place to live in”
“Everyone has their own story, it's about how you express your story to inspire and influence people around the world”
“If you can't grind for your dreams, you don't deserve fruit”
“Motivational Speakers", once they had more fear, stress and depression than you but they fought and conquered.”
“I've been through all the hard times in my life, so if you think I can't be alone in hell you're wrong”
“If you're not prepared enough to face criticism from every single person you meet, then entrepreneurship isn't for you”
“If you know what you're doing, why you're doing it, and how you're doing it, it doesn't matter what other people think and say about your work”
“This 21st century is one of the luckiest century ever and i am very proud to be alive in the 21st century”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“Clarity of mind and confidence in face are the qualities of the most successful people in this world”
“If you want to fly high, go round the ground first”
“Yesterday's unsuccessful people who never give up are successful today”
“If you can attract the right people with clarity and confidence then nothing can stop you from being successful”
“When you're an investor, patience is everything”
“Invest something everyday so that you can cultivate everything someday”
“Healthy life is an asset that will give you few extra hours to achieve your goals”
“Try to create something that is not humanly possible”
“Storytelling is everything, tell your stories to influence the right people around the world”
“Fight for the things you deserve”
“Have some deep goals in your life so that they inspire you to wake up every morning”
“My journey doesn't end until I win, so make sure you're either with me or in hell”
“Sometimes you feel that you are losing everything and nothing is working as per your expectations and this is the time when you need to understand that somewhere someone is working for your dreams and soon everything will be better”
“If you know how this nature works you know yourself more than anyone else”
“When your thoughts and intentions are extremely positive towards your dreams, you will attract the powerful energy that will help you achieve your dreams”
“Life is a set of thousands of dots of miracles; Connect them to create a beautiful picture”
“The most dangerous enemy of your career is your comfort zone at work”
“We need more social entrepreneurs who can work on the social challenges which are overlooked by the responsible people of our country”
“Becoming selfless and philanthropist is a process, not an overnight journey”
“Spirituality is life not abandonment”
“Humanity is greatness”
“We have to change with changing circumstances.”
“Concentrate on your goals until you become highly successful and financially free, because after being successful your life will work as per your thoughts and expectations”
“My quotes are my thoughts, intentions, vision, mission and emotions, if you are reading this you should read it emotionally because it is yours”
“Relationships are not for entrepreneurs, if you are an entrepreneur then find an entrepreneurial partner and make this world a better place to live together”
“If you are an entrepreneur you have the potential to change the lives of millions and you must not forget it forever”
“Those who are rejecting you will connect you in the hope of getting something from you one day”
“Rejection will come into your life to make you uncomfortable so that you can work more towards your dreams and don't give up on your dreams”
“I have seen the smartest people die with zero achievement because of their endless emotions”
“I have learned only one thing by using my emotions and that is not to use emotions at all”
“Entrepreneur always works to create something good which can solve some problem in this world whereas businessman tries to market those products and services to earn money from those inventions and this is the difference between entrepreneurs and businessmen”
“If someone is refusing you it doesn't mean you are on the wrong track or that you are offering some worthless opportunity, product or service, whenever that person understands what you were offering they will find you”
“Before teaching your child anything, teach them the basic lessons of entrepreneurship so that they can become an independent human being on this planet”
“The people who are here to dominate this world are the people who want to make this world the most beautiful place to live or the worst place to live”
“You are not immortal, isn't this statement enough to be a philanthropist”
“Prove yourself if you really want to prove yourself”
“If you are not willing to take any possible risk to achieve your dreams then you are not made for your dreams”
“Focus on your goals until your goal becomes your reality”
“If you are not working for your dreams today, make sure you are working for something better than your dreams”
“Working for your dreams always makes you feel like you're not working at all”
“Learn to live with your challenges because challenges make you more powerful to live your life well”
“Most people believe losing everything is the end I say it is a new beginning.”
“If you're not hungry enough to die, no one will come to feed you”
“Set yourself free not to harm any soul. But to feel your soul.”
“Big dreamers and inventors have always been underestimated by the leaders of their times”
“Praise God for his great mercies.”
“Do what you wish to do.”
“A decision she made, To fly Not to fall by.”
“Now!’ Marvin interjected. ‘You must all be wondering why I invited you here. Well, you know why you’re here, Arthur; and I assume you’ve explained a little about the club to our members—’ ‘We’re looking at alternative truths, right?’ Bedivere asked. ‘The darker side to Britain, and all that.’ ‘Yes, yes, Bedivere, we shall cover that. We shall look at Europe, why we left and why ultimately the EU was disbanded; we shall look at the tragic situation in the United States, and we shall look at the abandonment of the Commonwealth states and the blight of Indonesia. But as well as that we shall also be looking closer to home, at our own histories, and I use the plural intentionally; at the rising rebels in the old Celtic countries, at the redefinition of New National Britain’s borders, and at our absolute ruler himself, George Milton, who thus far has used all his electoral power to claw hold of democratic immunity, whose Party has long since been a change-hand, change-face game of musical chairs with the same policies and people from one party to the next. This brings me to my former point of why I invited you here: because I believe that you three are the smartest, the most open, the most questioning, and that you will benefit most from hearing things from an alternative viewpoint—not always my own, and not always comfortable—that the three of you may one day take what you have learned here and remember it when the world darkens, and this country truly forgets that which it once was.’ There was a deep silence. Even Arthur, who was used to Marvin’s tangential speeches, was momentarily confounded, and in the quiet that followed he observed Bedivere to see what he thought of this side to their teacher. His eyes then slipped to Morgan, and he was surprised to find that she was transfixed. ‘But I must stress to all of you, it is my job at risk in doing this, my life at stake. So when you speak of this, speak only amongst yourselves, and tell no one what it is we discuss here. Understood?’ There was a series of dumbstruck nods of consent. Bedivere cleared his throat with a small cough. ‘And here I thought this was just going to be an extra-curricular history club,’ he joked.”
“You would argue that we’re not a parasitic life form?’ Arthur challenged. Morgan seemed wounded. ‘Do you think I’m parasitic, Arthur?’ asked Bedivere, his eyebrows raised. ‘No, but—’ ‘How about Gwen?’ he added, teasing. ‘Of course not, I didn’t say that the individual is parasitic, just our current way of life. Consumerism is destroying the planet. No, it has destroyed the planet. Why do you think half the world has starved to death? There’s not enough left to support everyone.’ ‘Says who?’ Morgan snapped. ‘Says common sense.’ He could feel the wine loosening his tongue. ‘People are lying when they say things aren’t that bad. What do you think all those wars were for? We were all just fighting over who got to eat the last éclair.’ Marvin’s stomach growled, and he awkwardly cleared his throat.”
“You can not win until you're losing in Your MIND. If your mind is strong. Then your life gets stronger..”
“Successful life is a balance between happiness and sadness”
“Your child is a mirror of your behaviour and the culture of your home”
“Sleep: The most relieving thing from all sufferings; It is free but not everyone lucky enough to have it”
“Every morning brings freshness and new hope; Be like morning”
“There is no new education like experience.”
“You can't be big without taking big risks”
“A quote equals a good book”
“Don't be afraid, if people know you're scared they'll just scare you more to kick you out of the game”
“Focus on what you want and work on that thing every second until you achieve that thing”
“You can always find an excuse not to get something done.”
“Staying focused and disciplined is a rare quality of being successful”
“You can become president of the country or the poor man of the country choice is always yours”
“You have to see your dreams very clearly in front of your eyes before your dreams come true”
“People who are ambitious and goal-oriented are the people who are found alone in the world”
“Self-doubt is a disease and has no medicine”
“If you lose today, try tomorrow, if you lose tomorrow, try one more time, try again and again till you win because that is the only way to win big in your life”
“If people don't understand your vision then you should understand their vision and move towards your dreams”
“If your intention is to uplift the people around you, you will always find people around you who are willing to uplift you”
“Losing is always about learning not giving up”
“Everything in life is collaboration, if you learn this one skill you will grow consistently in your life”
“In My Bones" You once called me a victim Because I did not accept The disrespect you gave. That’s the day I should have walked away Instead of fighting for something Not worth restoring. If ever you believed me to be a victim, You never knew me at all. Overcoming is in my DNA. Surviving is in my bones.”
“I’ve now come to not only accept my bicultural identity (which I’d spent my entire life running from, in order to ‘fit in’ better just in one category) but actually to be empowered by my duality.”
“The vision never leaves it just waits for you to see it again.”
“To your spirit you'll stay true, never sorry to be you. But change your stripes if they don't suit you. Dare to swap them–we'll salute you!”
“One Day or Day One, You Are InControl of Your Life and Career”
“Each time life threw me a curveball, I learned to pitch it on my own and hit home runs for survival”
“You can take a little bit of the East and a little bit of the West, and create a formulaic soup in life that works best for you: no one else has to drink it if they don’t like”
“Sometimes I can't be both the East and the West, and I wish I had a compass that could decide for me: less stress”
“Bleed out your art, bleed it out through your heart”
“to see you shine brighter on the tip of that hill, is a cosmic deal to me”
“There is no reason to be alive if you can't do deadlift.”
“We humans are sucker for soft power.”
“I write for children because I know that somewhere, in a home I will never visit, a child I will never know has some enjoyment and happiness that may not have otherwise existed. That alone is my success.”
“Overnight success stories are not the entire story”
“Count your blessings, not your problems.”
“Life is a game. If you know the rules, you will always win.”
“Non aver fretta, la vita non scappa via.”
“A man who moves mountains must be motivated.”
“Mountains are moved through persistence push.”
“You are on your own.”
“Believe in yourself, believe in yourself even when others doubt you.”
“You are your own. D”
“If you fall, do not just stay down. Pray to find strength to rise again.”
“Learn more about Yourself than others”
“Praise God for he alone does great wonders.”
“Praise God, the Creator, who gives food to all living creatures.”
“We can only have faith in God, who makes all things to work for our good.”
“Completeness is in Christ.”
“Call on God in any circumstance.”
“Be willing to do the will of God.”
“Put yourself in tough situations. Accept challenges. Familiarize yourself with the unfamiliar. That's how you widen your perspective and your understanding.”
“Be thankful for the rain during the times that you prayed for sunshine. Sometimes, it's not really the sun that we always need. Like a flower, we need a little rain for us to keep growing.”
“I am whatever I need to be to survive. Roles are as interchangeable as clothes and there are enough fools out there for me to live a long and prosperous life. The role I’ll play next is that of executioner,” Rondo replied, grinning at each pause.”
“Life is a school of learning, the more learning you make the better living will be.”
“Don’t fight with darkness, just come out of it.”
“Time has only one actuality, that it will pass either as it wishes or you wish it to.”
“Life is not about a goal to be achieved, but a goal to be reached.”
“Always remember that your goals require dedication”
“Determine what your motivation is once you discover that driving force than you'll become focused on the process.”
“Yesterday exists in our memories, today is our present and tomorrow has yet to appear. Today is the step you take towards your goals.”
“A wise man cannot be hurt twice by a single stone”
“Feeling like the phoenix.”
“In a one year timeline, it might look like you are losing when you're the winner in a 10 years timeline.”
“If wishes were fishes, we would all cast a net.”
“Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.”
“Nie mamy nic, tylko właśnie nasze życie. Jak jedną, jedyną monetę. Chodzi o to, żeby za nią kupić to, czego chcemy.”
“An idea has more potential than any theory, plan or quantity of knowledge. You should never underestimate your dreams and the ideas that form around them. But more importantly, you shouldn't waste any time making them a reality. Others may not agree with your ideas, they may not trust your ideas, and they may even think that it is foolish to follow your dreams, but they don't have to trust something they can't see. Each person is gifted with the dreams that match the soul attracting them and according to the nature of the spiritual path in which one is found, therefore any dream you have is within your reach, and may never be within the reach of the beliefs of others, not even when you fulfill them. When people don't trust your capacities to achieve something, they will also rationalize reasons and excuses after you demonstrate your intent and potential. If you are poor, they may say you can't be rich, and once you are rich, they will try to dissuade you from what you do, with insinuations, insults, and threats. The most common question a rich person is asked, is if he is paying taxes. It is foolish to try to explain anything to those people. I've seen it my entire life, because I have succeeded in many areas where everyone told me I would never succeed. Once you win, they downgrade your achievements with ridiculous theories, or they will simply call you lucky. You can't win in an argument with a fool, because fools are very creative in their own art of denying the being of others. They see the world as they see themselves, as just objects, empty vessels, reflections of the illusions on the outside world. In martial arts, if you beat taller and stronger opponents, they don't say you are a better fighter. They will select one of your movements or techniques as the cause, and then dissociate you from the movement or technique, and say that you win because you cheat in the fighting rules. In music, if you succeed against the best in the world, people won't say you are better than them, but dissociate you from your music and say that you got awarded because you are different in a strange way, or because you competed in a special moment. If you succeed as a writer, people won't say you are a good writer, but instead dissociate you from your books, and say that you invent things and have a big imagination, which is a covert way of calling you a "good liar", thus insulting you under the pretense of giving compliments, or they will say that you stole the knowledge from others, in order to morally place themselves above you and your work, and they may even say that you have a special trick, like taking knowledge from the air, from some imaginary records in the ether, or from demonic spirits. People say different things when dissociating you from your potential, work and achievements, all of which are simply various forms of disrespecting someone. They deny you of your potential to be yourself. And among the various forms of disrespect, making one feel guilty for being himself is probably the worse, reason why you'll find the most disgusting people of them all inside religious organizations. "God won't like it", "You have a problem with your ego", and "The devil is tempting you", are among the most common and imbecile things you will ever hear as an artist, as a person who loves to read and acquire knowledge, and above anything, as a true spiritual being thriving in self-development and a natural curiosity for life. For all these reasons, the requirements and the real theories for success will never be found in any popular book. Nobody wants to know that you only win when you stop burning yourself to make others warm. And when you understand this, people will dissociate you from your focus and discipline, and call you selfish, and they will call the person who guided you in this path of real success evil. They will then do their best to destroy the reputation of both of your to deny their own fault , ignorance and lies.”
“An idea has more potential than any theory, plan or quantity of knowledge. You should never underestimate your dreams and the ideas that form around them. But more importantly, you shouldn't waste any time making them a reality. Others may not agree with your ideas, they may not trust your ideas, and they may even think that it is foolish to follow your dreams, but they don't have to trust something they can't see. Each person is gifted with the dreams that match the soul attracting them and according to the nature of the spiritual path in which one is found, therefore any dream you have is within your reach, and may never be within the reach or the beliefs of others, not even when you fulfill them. When people don't trust your capacities to achieve something, they will also rationalize reasons and excuses after you demonstrate your intent and potential. If you are poor, they may say you can't be rich, and once you are rich, they will try to dissuade you from what you do, with insinuations, insults, and threats. The most common question a rich person is asked, is if he is paying taxes. It is foolish to try to explain anything to those people. I've seen it my entire life, because I have succeeded in many areas where everyone told me I would never succeed. Once you win, they downgrade your achievements with ridiculous theories, or they will simply call you lucky. You can't win in an argument with a fool, because fools are very creative in their own art of denying the being of others. They see the world as they see themselves, as just objects, empty vessels, reflections of the illusions of the outside world. In martial arts, if you beat taller and stronger opponents, they don't say you are a better fighter. They will select one of your movements or techniques as the cause, and then dissociate you from the movement or technique, and say that you won because you cheat in the fighting rules. In music, if you succeed against the best in the world, people won't say you are better than them, but dissociate you from your music and say that you got awarded because you are different in a strange way, or because you competed in a special moment. If you succeed as a writer, people won't say you are a good writer, but instead dissociate you from your books, and say that you invent things and have a big imagination, which is a covert way of calling you a "good liar", thus insulting you under the pretense of giving compliments, or they will say that you stole the knowledge from others, in order to morally place themselves above you and your work, and they may even say that you have a special trick, like taking knowledge from the air, from some imaginary records in the ether, or from demonic spirits. People say different things when dissociating you from your potential, work and achievements, all of which are simply various forms of disrespecting someone. They deny you of your potential to be yourself. And among the various forms of disrespect, making one feel guilty for being himself is probably the worse, reason why you'll find the most disgusting people of them all inside religious organizations. "God won't like it", "You have a problem with your ego", and "The devil is tempting you", are among the most common and imbecile things you will ever hear as an artist, as a person who loves to read and acquire knowledge, and above anything, as a true spiritual being thriving in self-development and a natural curiosity for life. For all these reasons, the requirements and the real theories for success will never be found in any popular book. Nobody wants to know that you only win when you stop burning yourself to make others warm. And when you understand this, people will dissociate you from your focus and discipline, and call you selfish, and they will call the person who guided you in this path of real success evil. They will then do their best to destroy the reputation of both of you to deny their own fault , ignorance and lies.”
“Fighting through defeat without losing a single breath requires tremendous bravery. Unity brings strength. Disaffection brings weakness. Being invincible is the only way to determine how strong you are.”
“It is impossible to realize your incredible potential if you constantly try to be like everyone else without trying your own brand of originality. It is possible to discover your own beauty even in the littlest things, which makes life more enjoyable and meaningful.”
“Stop being afraid of living. It’s easy to die for someone. Death is . . . final. You do it once and it’s over. You know what’s harder, more terrifying, yes, but equally rewarding and fulfilling? Living for someone.”
“Regret can be a great motivator, but so can achievement.”
“Motivating your team is like cooking. You need to select and blend the right quality ingredients and serve them fresh as often as you can; otherwise, your team will get hungry and grumpy.”
“Who knows where and what turn will come, Still getting acquainted with the roads.”
“Go-getters don't know the term "couldn't".”
“Don't take my word for it! I challenge you to do your own homework.”
“The minute you conform yourself to how people want you to act and behave, you unconsciously become under their control. It only puts you in a dark space and whatever you do will naturally be subject to their validation. Just do what you feel is right.”
“We know that our best days aren't behind us. We know that America is the country that freed millions of people in the last hundred years alone. We are the people who changed the world. . . . We are only a simple change of mind-set from being that nation again. . . . Start telling yourself, "I don't need the government to do it for me." . . . The first step in recovery is to admit you have a problem. So say it. . . . Rest assured that others more timid than you will join in the fight, but they wait for you.”
“Ideas of every kind are constantly galloping towards us, constantly passing through us, constantly trying to get our attention. Let them know you are available.”
“I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become.”
