“And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone.”
“The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me.”
“Did you know that 'I told you so' has a brother,Jacob?" she asked cutting me off. "His name is 'Shut the hell up'.”
“All I'd ever wanted was to forget. but even when I thought I had, pieces had kept emerging, like bits of wood floating up to the surface that only hint at the shipwreck below.”
“Quotation, n: The act of repeating erroneously the words of another.”
“I see all of you, Rhys. And there is not one part that I do not love with everything I am.”
“[A] quotation is a handy thing to have about, saving one the trouble of thinking for oneself, always a laborious business." ( The Record Lie )”
“Your memory feels like home to me. So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you. Some people might find that strange. But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.”
“What a curious power words have.”
“There is an ocean of silence between us… and I am drowning in it.”
“She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.”
“You can get a thousand no's from people, and only one "yes" from God.”
“See the world as it is, not as you wish it would be”
“You don’t need scores of suitors. You need only one… if he’s the right one.”
“My feelings are too loud for words and too shy for the world.”
“We are made of all those who have built and broken us.”
“I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.”
“To conquer frustration, one must remain intensely focused on the outcome, not the obstacles.”
“She conquered her demons and wore her scars like wings. ”
“In quoting others, we cite ourselves.”
“People who do a job that claims to be creative have to be alone to recharge their batteries. You can’t live 24 hours a day in the spotlight and remain creative. For people like me, solitude is a victory.”
“If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard. And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart.”
“Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.”
“Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.”
“When you experience loss, people say you’ll move through the 5 stages of grief…. Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance ….. What they don’t tell you is that you’ll cycle through them all every day.”
“A strong man cannot help a weaker unless the weaker is willing to be helped, and even then the weak man must become strong of himself; he must, by his own efforts, develop the strength which he admires in another. None but himself can alter his condition.”
“I think it’s beautiful the way you sparkle when you talk about the things you love.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.”
“Quiet people have the loudest minds.”
“To hide feelings when you are near crying is the secret of dignity.”
“If you’re searching for a quote that puts your feelings into words – you won’t find it. You can learn every language and read every word ever written – but you’ll never find what’s in your heart. How can you? He has it.”
“I think perhaps I will always hold a candle for you – even until it burns my hand. And when the light has long since gone …. I will be there in the darkness holding what remains, quite simply because I cannot let go.”
“Watch carefully the magic that occurs when you give a person enough comfort to just be themselves.”
“It’s painful, loving someone from afar. Watching them – from the outside. The once familiar elements of their life reduced to nothing more than occasional mentions in conversations and faces changing in photographs….. They exist to you now as nothing more than living proof that something can still hurt you … with no contact at all.”
“I love quotations because it is a joy to find thoughts one might have, beautifully expressed with much authority by someone recognized wiser than oneself.”
“Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.”
“I had someone once who made every day mean something. And now…. I am lost…. And nothing means anything anymore.”
“I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.”
“I miss that feeling of connection. Knowing he was out there somewhere thinking about me at the same time I was thinking about him.”
“Create your own style… let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.”
“She's an old soul with young eyes, a vintage heart, and a beautiful mind.”
“It is beautiful, it is endless, it is full and yet seems empty. It hurts us.”
“Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.”
“It was her chaos that made her beautiful. ”
“It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it.”
“There is nothing prettier in the whole wide world than a girl in love with every breath she takes.”
“Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.”
“Don’t spoil me with your lies, love me with your truth.”
“He was both everything I could ever want… And nothing I could ever have…”
“Your inner strength is your outer foundation”
“She was afraid of heights but she was much more afraid of never flying.”
“A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.”
“Use the wings of the flying Universe, Dream with open eyes; See in darkness.”
“She turned to look at him, and he was already looking at her. “I’m going to miss you when I wake up,” she whispered, because she realized that she must have fallen asleep under the sun. Arin was too real for her imagination. He was a dream. “Don’t wake up,” he said.”
“I’m very much down to earth, just not this earth.”
“Depression is being colorblind and constantly told how colorful the world is.”
“The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.”
“Head up, heart open. To better days!”
“A sky full of stars and he was staring at her. —ATTICUS”
“The sky is not my limit I am.”
“Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong.”
“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”
“Though these words will never find you, I hope that you knew I was thinking of you today….. and that I was wishing you every happiness. Love Always, The girl you loved once.”
“She had just enough madness to make her interesting”
“The last time I felt alive – I was looking into your eyes. Breathing your air…. touching your skin… … Saying goodbye…. The last time I felt alive…. I was dying.”
“I raised you so high that every other man on earth is now doomed to live in your shadow.”
“It’s difficult for me to imagine the rest of my life without you. But I suppose I don’t have to imagine it  I just have to live it”
“I'm restless. Things are calling me away. My hair is being pulled by the stars again.”
“We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.”
“I WANT TO BE WITH SOMEONE WHO DREAMS OF DOING EVERYTHING IN LIFE AND NOTHING ON RAINY SUNDAY AFTERNOONS.”
“To err is human, to purr is feline.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“Two seconds later, the sound of an alarm filled my ears. ''What did you do?'' I said over the noise as he backed up towards the bathroom door. ''The girl who gave you the note?'' ''Yes '' ''I caught her staring at my lighter.'' I blinked. ''You gave a child, in a psych ward , a lighter?'' His eyes crinkled at the corners. ''She seemed trustworthy.'' ''You're sick,'' I said, but smiled. ''Hey, nobody's perfect. '' Noah smiled back.”
“Fashion is a language that creates itself in clothes to interpret reality.”
“From the moment I saw her I knew this one was worth the broken heart.”
“What good are wings without the courage to fly?”
“Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.”
“No amount of me trying to explain myself was doing any good. I didn't even know what was going on inside of me, so how could I have explained it to them?”
“If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.”
“That was her magic— she could still see the sunset even on those darkest days.”
“Chase your stars fool, life is short. ”
“I didn’t love you to seek revenge. I didn’t love you out of loneliness or unhappiness. I didn’t love you for any of the misguided reasons that time might convince you I did. I just loved you because you’re you.”
“The truth is I didn’t need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.”
“An open Facebook page is simply a psychiatric dry erase board that screams, “Look at me. I am insecure. I need your reaction to what I am doing, but you’re not cool enough to be my friend. Therefore, I will just pray you see this because the approval of God is not all I need.”
“We need houses as we need clothes, architecture stimulates fashion. It’s like hunger and thirst — you need them both.”
“Brushing a girl’s hair behind her ear once a day will solve more problems than all those therapists and drugs.”
“I worry there is something broken in our generation, there are too many sad eyes on happy faces.”
“She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.”
“There is another alphabet, whispering from every leaf, singing from every river, shimmering from every sky.”
“I visited many places, Some of them quite Exotic and far away, But I always returned to myself.”
“ we're dealing with two devils who both want to rule hell.”
“Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.”
“Appreciate the moment of a first kiss; it may be the last time you own your heart.”
“Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.”
“Each of us is a unique strand in the intricate web of life and here to make a contribution.”
“It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.”
“Wherever I go, I meet myself.”
“Your smile and your laughter lit my whole world.”
“I let her go because I knew she could do better and now she's gone I wonder if I should've just been better.”
“I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.”
“To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.”
“She wore the moonlight like lingerie. ”
“An emotion clamped down on her heart. It squeezed her into a terrible silence. But he said nothing after that, only her name, as if her name were not a name but a question. Or perhaps that it wasn’t how he had said it, and she was wrong, and she’d heard a question simply because the sound of him speaking her name made her wish that she were his answer.”
“Time is all we have and don’t. ”
“Sometimes I want a quiet life other times I want to go a little bit fucking Gatsby.”
“She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.”
“I will follow you, my love, to the edge of all our days, to our very last tomorrows.”
“It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.”
“It was never the way she looked always the way she was I would have fallen in love with her with my eyes closed.”
“He had not breathed a word of love, or dropped one hint of tenderness or affection, and yet I had been supremely happy. To be near him, to hear him talk as he did talk, and to feel that he thought me worthy to be so spoken to - capable of understanding and duly appreciating such discourse - was enough.”
“It’s times like this…. when it’s over a year later and I’m still crying over you that I want to turn to you and say: See…. This is why I asked you never to kiss me.”
“I'm your friend, and friends don't let friends die.”
“Words don’t have the power to hurt you, unless that person meant more to you than you are willing to confess.”
“I was never really certain why he scared the bejesus out of me. Nothing scared me growing up. I’ve been playing with dead people since the day I was born, so it’s good thing, yet the Big Bad scared me. Which brings me to the reason I called.” “Which was to give me nightmares for the rest of my life?” “Oh, no, that’s just a plus. Why was I so scared of him?” “Hon, for one thing he was this powerful, massive, black smokelike being.” “So, you’re saying I’m a racist?”
“She was born to be free, let her run wild in her own way and you will never lose her.”
“My God,' he gasped, 'you're fun to kiss.”
“Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.”
“The woman is the most perfect doll that i have dressed with delight and admiration.”
“Luxury is the ease of a t-shirt in a very expensive dress.”
“I want everyone to wear what they want and mix it in their own way. That, to me, is what is modern.”
“Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.”
“Love, too, was just a question of time”
“Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.”
“Reinvent new combinations of what you already own. Improvise. Become more creative. Not because you have to, but because you want to. Evolution is the secret for the next step.”
“the best part was pulling down the shades stuffing the doorbell with rags putting the phone in the refrigerator and going to bed for 3 or 4 days. and the next best part was nobody ever missed me.”
“Some people talk about other people’s failures with so much pleasure that you would swear they are talking about their own successes.”
“Don't worry— you see, to some you are magic.”
“You cannot be truly humble, unless you truly believe that life can and will go on without you.”
“A breeze, a forgotten summer, a smile, all can fit into a storefront window.”
“You are not what you are; You are darkness Looking for light within.”
“Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.”
“Our songs live longer than our kingdoms.”
“She wildly burned for the one she loved and he stood there watching, hoping he too would catch a blaze from the violence stirring in her heart.”
“She was not for everyone but she was for me. ”
“You’re not a bad person, you’re just a little bit different and I’m a sucker for that.”
“Art takes time— Monet grew his gardens before he painted them.”
“There will always a glimmer in those who have been through the dark.”
“Vengeance ought to be spoken through gritted teeth, spittle flying, the cords of one's soul so entangled in it that you can't let it go, even if you try. If you feel it--if you really feel it--then you speak it like it's a still-beating heart clenched in your fist and there's blood running down your arm, dripping off your elbow, and you can't let go.”
“She was another broken doll dreaming of a boy with glue. ”
“As he took her hand he gave her all she had been waiting for-- a shiver down her spine.”
“A relationship is likely to last way longer, if each partner convinces or has convinced themselves that they do not deserve their partner, even if that is not true.”
“She is of the strangest beauty and the darkest courage, and when she walks with intent the earth trembles beneath her feet.”
“THE HARDEST STEP WE ALL MUST TAKE IS TO BLINDLY TRUST IN WHO WE ARE. - ATTICUS”
“The ego lusts for satisfaction. It has a prideful ferocious appetite for its version of "truth". It is the most challenging aspect to conquer; the cause for most spiritual turmoil.”
“The most complicated skill is to be simple.”
“But dear, don’t be afraid of love it’s only magic.”
“I have seen your darkest nights and brightest days and I want you to know that I will be here forever loving you in dusk.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“Thinking of you is a poison I drink often. ”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“Love what is simple and beautiful. These are the essentials.”
“He looked at me like I was the stars when all I’d ever felt like was the dark nothingness between them.”
“The moment you start arguing with an ignorant fool, you have already lost.”
“It hurts to let go, to say goodbye for the final time and remain distant in your closure, it may even tear your heart out to the point of insanity; but somehow in it all you find the pieces of your worth and you start creating yourself again, and in that journey of transformation you find the essence of what truly matters, inner happiness. It's life, we all fall at some stage but it's up to you, to decide how long you want to stay there.”
“I need you because I know I deserve you but let me fall in love with you one last time before I let go. So I can remember the beautiful imperfection that rattled my bones.”
“I just need you and some sunsets. ”
“I think we owe it to ourselves to unapologetically love who we are no matter what. Because if you don’t love yourself, then why do you expect anyone else to?”
“One hand I extend into myself, the other toward others.”
“Deep at the center of my being there is an infinite well of love.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“A physical attraction is often desired above many things but you'll discover it to be short lived. Find yourself someone that gets under your skin, seduces the dusty corners of your heart, and provides you with a mental connection. That is when you'll know true intimacy.”
“Love spiritually, not strategically.”
“We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.”
“She had more of me then I had of myself. We were both wild birds chasing the stars. We’d lose our way and find new places, close our eyes and fall back towards a constellation of dreams. We wrapped ourselves in a blanket of passion and each night we fell deeper without control, into this strange space called love.”
“She found herself over a long and treacherous road and the more treacherous the road became, the more of herself she found.”
“Don't ask her to be a rock for you to lean upon instead, build her wings and point her to the sky and she will teach you both to fly.”
“A few drinks and the world was hers— she wore her whiskey like a loaded gun.”
“Tough love may be tough to give, but it is a necessity of life and assurance of positive growth.”
“She walked through her life heavy from the mighty wings upon her back.”
“I could have loved him with everything I had but he wasn't prepared for the depth i provided ~ had I been a woman of weakness I would have stayed, but he lost the chance when he said I wasn't enough that day.”
“They say “Follow your heart”…. …. But I can’t follow you where you’re going…”
“That's the problem with best friends. Sometimes they know you better than you know yourself.”
“Words will scratch more hearts than swords.”
“He can’t take his eyes off the stars, but I can’t take mine off his face.”
“Wild woman are an unexplainable spark of life. They ooze freedom and seek awareness, they belong to nobody but themselves yet give a piece of who they are to everyone they meet. If you have met one, hold on to her, she'll allow you into her chaos but she'll also show you her magic.”
“Love knows no limit to its endurance, no end to its trust, no fading of its hope; it can outlast anything. Love still stands when all else has fallen.”
“She’d felt it before, she felt it now: the pull to fall in with him, to fall into him, to lose her sense of self.”
“She will blaze through you like a gypsy wildfire. Igniting you soul and dancing in its flames. And when she is gone, the smell of her smoke will be the only thing left to soothe you.”
“To risk life to save a smile on a face of a woman or a child is the secret of chivalry.”
“It's such a silly little thing, the heart.”
“What a strange world. We trade our days for things.”
“I am looking for the one I can’t fool.”
“Cael, come on. Stop licking the dude. That's gross." Letty let out a snort. "Please, like you don't lick dudes." "That's different," Dex explained with a grimace. "None of those dudes were Ash. Besides, last time I checked, Ash was allergic to nuts.”
“Since there is no real silence, Silence will contain all the sounds, All the words, all the languages, All knowledge, all memory.”
“Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.”
“I try to do something positive – I socialise more… But deep down I know the truth. An entire world of people can never replace the one that I’ve lost.”
“Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.”
“Old words are reborn with new faces.”
“We are never alone We are all wolves Howling to the same moon.”
“All worries are less with wine.”
“LOVE COULD BE LABLED POISON AND WE’D DRINK IT ANYWAYS.”
“We are sometimes dragged into a pit of unhappiness by someone else’s opinion that we do not look happy.”
“Come, my darling, it is never too late to begin our love again.”
“THE RIGHT POEM FINDS US EXACTLY WHEN IT NEEDS TO. —ATTICUS”
“They blossomed, they did not talk about blossoming.”
“And the stars blinked as they watched her carefully jealous of the way she shone.”
“Some of us were brought into this troubled world primarily or only to increase our fathers’ chances of not being left by our mothers, or vice versa.”
“Life sometimes reminds us that it is sometimes heartless by giving something or someone we really need to someone who does not need or even want them or it.”
“Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard   " More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.”
“The beautiful thing about young love is the truth in our hearts that it will last forever.”
“She sat in her perfect house, with her perfect husband, wishing that her perfect life would end.”
“True art comes from flying with the madness so close you burn your eyelashes.”
“EVERYTHING WE LOVE IS WELL ARRANGED DUST. - ATTICUS”
“He can’t take his eyes off the stars, but I can’t take mine off his face. I can see the stars reflected in his eyes, can see the wonder of it in the way his mouth opens but no sound comes out. His eyes, his face—they’re beautiful.”
“I aspire to be an old man with an old wife laughing at old jokes from a wild youth.”
“You don't need to climb a mountain to know that it's high.”
“She needed the chaos within her in order to discover the extraordinary no man could ever reach.”
“Let there be room left in your heart for the unimaginable ~ serendipity has a way of showing itself just when you feel like giving up.”
“The prettiest girls shine brightest in the dark. ”
“LIFE IS A JOURNEY TO FIND THE PEOPLE WEIRD LIKE YOU. —ATTICUS”
“Oh darling, your only too wild, to those whom are to tame, don't let opinions change you.”
“If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are.”
“A premature death does not only rob one of the countless instances where one would have experienced pleasure, it also saves one from the innumerable instances where one would have experienced pain.”
“Some people will insult your intelligence by suddenly being nice or nicer to you once you make it … or they think you have.”
“Love is holy.”
“Nothing is as irritating to a shy man as a confident girl.”
“Life felt like hell, because we expected it to feel like heaven.”
“Sometimes things are just what they seem to be and that's all there is to it.”
“Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success We forget the easiness of free beauty Lying sad right around the corner, Only an instant removed, Unnoticed and squandered.”
“I’ll let you into my heart but wipe your feet at the door.”
“In the game of life, we all receive a set of variables and limitations in the field of play. We can either focus on the lack thereof or empower ourselves to create better realities with the pieces we play the game with.”
“Knighthood lies above eternity; it doesn’t live off fame, but rather deeds.”
“Survival machines that can simulate the future are one jump ahead of survival machines who can only learn on the basis of overt trial and error. The trouble with overt trial is that it takes time and energy. The trouble with overt error is that it is often fatal. Simulation is both safer and faster. The evolution of the capacity to simulate seems to have cumulated in subjective consciousness.”
“Though it’s reasons to burn may vary  you are always the fuel of my fire.”
“I know he wasn’t perfect… But he did the best impression of it I’ve ever seen.”
“Life is a process during which one initially gets less and less dependent, independent, and then more and more dependent.”
“It is the deepest of wrongs I am driven to write…. And losing you was one of them.”
“To come to nothing through something is the way to outside from both sides.”
“If you love your work, if you enjoy it, you're already a success.”
“My breath catches, responding to an unfamiliar pull in my chest, an ache in my soul. I shouldn’t miss him, but I do; this boy who had every right to pull that trigger, and instead threw himself between me and death. This boy, the only one who believes I’m not what they say I am what I believed I was; a soldier without a soul, a girl with no heart to break. He’s the only one who’s proved me wrong.”
“She was too busy wishing on shooting stars to see the dreams come true around her.”
“I had always wanted to hear those words. I had always wanted to be your girl.”
“stay i whispered as you shut the door behind you”
“I write what I love. I will not stop – even when my hand hurts…. …. because I cannot stop – even though my heart hurts….”
“We are all born free and spend a lifetime becoming slaves to our own false truths.”
“It wasn't exactly love at first sight, but it was deeper than that. A sense of belonging to a place I never knew I wanted but somehow always needed. It was a home that carried a heartbeat.”
“The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness.”
“She was everything real in a world of make-believe. ”
“I know how you feel because I’ve been there too. I’ve hated and I’ve loved. I’ve seen my demons root and crawl and my angels branch and soar. I've died within myself and lived a thousand different lives. I too fight the same war and I too am drowning in the puddles of self-consciousness this world created.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“It's a lonely thing, protecting a breakable heart”
“Its dark and I’m reading my scars because our moments remind me of where I should be.”
“If your enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give him something to drink. In doing this, you will heap burning coals on his head.”
“Though mountains melt and oceans burn, The gifts of love shall still return.”
“Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful.”
“Damn it! How will I ever get out of this labyrinth?”
“There are two paths of which one may choose in the walk of life; one we are born with, and the one we consciously blaze. One is naturally true, while the other is a perceptive illusion. Choose wisely at each fork in the road.”
“Every single person is a fool, insane, a failure, or a bad person to at least ten people.”
“The most upsetting thing about Society’s attitude towards disabled people is that many millions of disabled people became disabled while trying to please Society, the very same bitch that secretly regards them as subhuman.”
“Déjà vu is more than just that fleeting moment of surprise, instantly forgotten because we never bother with things that make no sense. It show that time doesn't pass. It's a leap into something we have already experienced and that is being repeated.”
“Each day is a new opportunity. I chose to make this day a great one.”
“You lost all interest in this world. You were disappointed and discouraged, and lost interest in everything. So you abandoned your physical body. You went to a world apart and you’re living a different kind of life there. In a world that’s inside you.”
“Women who are into Lord of The Rings & The Hobbit are, like, the coolest people in the world”
“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
“We are loved way more by some of the people who have not contacted us in the last twelve or so months than we are loved by some of those who contact us every twelve or so days … or hours.”
“There is so much woman in many a girl and too much boy in many a man.”
“Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!”
“Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.”
“I believe in love at first sight… But it’s not the first moment you lay eyes on a person, it’s the moment you first see the person they truly are.”
“Most sane human beings who are over the age of six usually act or react not as per what they genuinely feel or really think but in accordance with the expectations of those around them.”
“We are way less likely to love someone just because they love us than we are to hate someone just because they hate us.”
“Some people will hate you for not loving them.”
“Even great men bow before the Sun; it melts hubris into humility.”
“What does it mean?” Flynn turns to gaze at me, eyes finally meeting mine. I find myself smiling because I know exactly what it means. “It means the clouds are clearing on Avon.”
“Our biological rhythms are the symphony of the cosmos, music embedded deep within us to which we dance, even when we can't name the tune.”
“I would have followed you to hell and back  if only you'd lead me back.”
“The secret to modeling is not being perfect. What one needs is a face that people can identify in a second. You have to be given what’s needed by nature, and what’s needed is to bring something new.”
“We were strange in love her and I too wild to last too rare to die.”
“She was completely alone in the world. There was no one at all for her. No one in the world who cared whether she lived or died. Sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return. If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?”
“You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.”
“We humans are so tortured by not properly guessing what will make us happy.”
“With all honesty, somewhere between the hello and the dreams I saw you in I fell in love.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“At the end of the day I went to this place where your memories left footsteps on my skin and the breath of your touch stained my desire. Yea, it was one of those nights where I needed you the most.”
“Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal.”
“There is no competition of sounds between a nightingale and a violin.”
“She wasn't broken. She was just bent, over the chance of being ignored by the one she loved.”
“No matter how dim the light filtering through the trees is, you can still try your best to grasp it. -Kaien Cross”
“Do I look as pretty as I feel?”
“Which came first — the observer or the particle?”
“The books brought brilliance to my life, and they brought an understanding: Life is a story. Everything that has happened and will happen to me is all part of the story of this enchanted place - all the dreams and visions and understandings that come to me in my dungeon cell. The books helped me see the truth is not in the touch of the stone but in what the stone tells you.”
“Some lean back. But those who lean forward are poised to cross the finish-line, first!”
“I didn't give a fuck whether I found anything or not. The thing is, never to be too anxious. Everything comes in due time.”
“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
“Trying too hard to be too good, even when trying to be bad, is too good for the bad, too bad for the good.”
“The gods do not visit you to remind you what you know already.”
“The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.”
“If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results.”
“Is it possible for a man to move the earth? Yes; but he must first find out another earth to stand upon.”
“Some things are just like riding a bicycle; you jump on, pedal, and hope you don’t fall.”
“They grew; they did not talk about growing.”
“I still remember that feeling of walking somewhere confidently, seeing him mid stride and putting my foot down just fine… but feeling like I stumbled.”
“When we’re young, we think that Love and Hate live on opposite sides of the street from one another; But as we get older we realise they’re actually next door neighbours with paper thin walls.”
“Those patient Hufflepuffs are true and unafraid of toil.”
“There is nothing to save, now all is lost, but a tiny core of stillness in the heart like the eye of a violet.”
“i was lieing to myself when I thought I was lost, I have never been lost - I just wasn't ready to be found.”
“There’s too much risk in loving,’ the young boy said, ‘no,’ said the old man, ‘there’s too much risk in not.”
“Opportunity may knock only once but temptation leans on the door bell”
“You deserve to be the person you were meant to be. ”
“Words rich in meaning can be cheap in sound effects.”
“How could I live above the water or breathe under it. How could I swim in darkness consumed in an ocean of you? Falling or flying towards you, losing or finding myself in you and beauty was never the word to catch all that you are. For now I know the means of the infinite and it all starts and ends with you.”
“My atoms love you atoms, it’s chemistry. ”
“The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.”
“Suddenly I remembered that laugh, it told a different story, our story.”
“Maybe what this is. What we have, is something that will save us from ourselves.”
“Someone was coming through the velvet. He was pulling it wide, he was stepping onto Kestrel’s balcony—close, closer still as she turned and the curtain swayed, then stopped. He pinned the velvet against frame. He held the sweep of it high, at the level of his gray eyes, which were silver in the shadows. He was here. He had come. Arin.”
“Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“Wishes have a habit of surprising their makers.”
“Be aware of the high notes, of the blissful faces and their soft messages, and listen for the silent message of a highly decorated gift.”
“After that day, I discovered one indelible truth. I discovered that love wasn’t everything that mattered in life. It was an emotion that not many had the luxury of feeling without any pain attached to it. Many say that love will set you free, but I disagree. Love is a cage, a very painful one; its gilded bars made with yearning, heartache, and unfulfilled dreams. And the moment I realized that love wasn’t necessary to one’s survival I became free. No one would have the power to hurt me again.”
“If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you, your goals will shrink in the eyes of others. Envy, jealousy, and resentment will put out your flame before it grows.”
“Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.”
“Total knowledge is annihilation Of the desire to see, to touch, to feel The world sensed only through senses And immune to the knowledge without feeling.”
“The poet's nature is all searching, creator and nourisher of desire; the poet is like the heart in a people's breast, a people without a poet is a mere heap of clay. If the purpose of poetry is the fashioning of men, poetry is likewise the heir of prophecy.”
“The greater the spirit, the more one is alone.”
“Se puede vivir sin leer, es cierto: pero también se puede vivir sin amar: el argumento hace aguas como una balsa capitaneada por ratas  Sólo quien ha estado enamorado sabe lo que el amor regala y quita: sólo quien ha leído sabe si la vida merece la pena de ser vivida sin la conciencia de aquellos hombres y mujeres que nos han escrito mil veces antes de que naciéramos. Y que nadie se sonría ante estas líneas. Por una vez, y sin que sirva de precedente, han sido escritas sólo desde la emoción.”
“For a game, you don’t need a teacher.”
“Jews believe that people are creators, not consumers. The role of humans is to improve and perfect God's creations through work, creation, and innovation.”
“Clean your home first before complaining about others.”
“I want to paint the rest of my days with the best colors.”
“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
“He knows he will be born again, And start fresh anew.”
“His eyes move to my lips, and I know he’s thinking the same thing; I can feel it in the way the air charges between us. I can almost taste him half an inch away, can feel the way the tiny hairs on my skin lift and reach for him like plants seeking the sunlight.”
“Manipulation, fueled with good intent, can be a blessing. But when used wickedly, it is the beginning of a magician's karmic calamity.”
“Betrayal and dishonor is usually an inside job. Keep it 'sucka-free', loved one!”
“The path of peace is not a passive journey. It takes incredible strength not to open a can of 'whoop-ass', justifiably, when ones button is pushed.”
“Today I wore a pair of faded old jeans and a plain grey baggy shirt. I hadn't even taken a shower, and I did not put on an ounce of makeup. I grabbed a worn out black oversized jacket to cover myself with even though it is warm outside. I have made conscious decisions lately to look like less of what I felt a male would want to see. I want to disappear.”
“You cannot build a dream on a foundation of sand. To weather the test of storms, it must be cemented in the heart with uncompromising conviction.”
“Heavenly bodies are nests of invisible birds.”
“Your life is a movie. You are the main character. You say your scripts and act to your lines. Of course you do your lines in each scene. There is a hidden camera and a director who you can ask for help anytime up above.”
“Embrace the wonder”
“Put a girl in moonlight and tell only truths and every man becomes a poet.”
“I had a dream that I saw shooting stars with you. Two things that will come close to never happening: Seeing shooting stars, and being with you.”
“Kiss me hot,heavy,wet & angry with that attitude like you do when your mouth yells it hates me but your tongue screams it can’t wait for me. Hug me, touch me, submit to me with that insatiable passion like you do when you thought you could leave but the sight of my throbbing rock hard love muscle made you too weak in the knees. Your mind is melting fast, your soul is whispering trust, your eyes are begging please and your anger has turned to lust. Let me undress your body, caress your skin and wetly massage your mind back into making love to me again. I’d rather say I’m sorry and keep my best friend than have this come to an end. Be encouraged but more importantly…be lethal with your make up love.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you.”
“I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved.”
“From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me.”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“A sister is a dearest friend, a closest enemy, and an angel at the time of need.”
“Arrival in the world is really a departure and that, which we call departure, is only a return.”
“Stung again by this queen bee of the Loren clan, Marissa shook it off and retorted, “See, that’s just it. I don’t always love Jack Storm. But with all my heart I love Jack Loren.”
“If you don’t control your temper, your temper will control you.”
“Teaching others, he corrected himself.”
“Your choices are made in a moment, and yet their consequences transcend a lifetime.”
“Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.”
“Never underestimate the grace of bouncing back from a fallen heart.”
“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
“Sound unbound by nature becomes bounded by art.”
“In our country religion is not different from philosophy and religion & philosophy don’t differ from science.”
“His face is close to mine, his hand warm against my back through my shirt. Despite the smile on his lips, his gaze is so sad it feels like my heart is ripping in two, turning to ash as I look at him. He knows as well as I do that neither of us is leaving Avon alive if we touch down again. He’ll never see snow, and I’ll never teach him what skis are.”
“In the bar, the jukebox comes on. Molley must be trying to drown out the sounds of raised voices. I move toward her, unable to resist; her eyes are wet, her face flushed, and I can finally look at her, want her, let myself touch her without grief turning everything to ashes in my mouth.”
“Samuel walked out to Lindsey then, and there she was in his arms, my sweet butterball babe, born ten years after my fourteen years on Earth: Abigail Suzanne. Little Susie to me. Samuel placed Susie on a blanket near the flowers. And my sister, my Lindsey, left me in her memories, where I was meant to be.”
“Each moment of worry, anxiety or stress represents lack of faith in miracles, for they never cease.”
“Elevate your inside game. A negative attitude is below the horizon a place for lonesome hearts.”
“You and I will be lost and found a thousand times along this cobbled road of us.”
“I do my job like I breathe — so if I can’t breathe I’m in trouble.”
“Broken hearts, you can run, you can hide and perhaps the earth is big enough to believe you’re safe. So maybe for a moment you have escaped but hear me, hear me well. Love will find you and it will leave nothing behind.”
“Life is short only if you are not living your purpose.”
“Laws of nature have no physical properties of mass /energy. They are platonic truths in transcendent realm that create & govern the Universe.”
“Everything that looks too perfect is too perfect to be perfect.”
“The greatest adventure is to have no fear for the blaze that lies ahead.”
“We’re only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we’d hatch a passion of our own.”
“Turn the page, your heroine is still there, breathe, relax, life is beautiful: you're in a book!”
“Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.”
“While fear depletes power, faith gives wings for the soul’s elevation.”
“Sing me a love song in a slow, southern drawl to the tune of sunny days ”
“Success is not determined by the outcome. The outcome is the result of having already decided that you are successful to begin with.”
“Color is the overpowering of black; white – the final victory over black.”
“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
“If the thought inspires you, and it feels good and right it is yours, alone, to exercise. So get right on it!”
“The energy it took to exit mother’s womb is the same force required to manifest a dream a different kind of struggle. Push, push, push!”
“In the summer, we write life’s summary with the slow waves of love flowing over the sandy beach. The slow breeze and the warm sun write our memories.”
“The same word we love and hate, leaves in different directions, taking different paths.”
“Every quote is like a Picasso. The meaning is different for each person and half the admirers miss the true intent and twisted humor of it all.”
“A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape.”
“He had an answer to almost everything and he retired at an early age.”
“What doesn’t KILL me makes me stronger… Except for the extinction of COFFEE… that might kill me.”
“hold company with yourself so sacred that even when you are alone, you are whole.”
“If we were not impressed by job titles, suits, and jargon, we would demand that financial advisors show us their personal bank statements before they tell us what we could or should do with our own money.”
“The day he came home from the hospital, he cried. I held him. I thought he would never stop. I knew that a part of him would never be the same. They cracked more than his ribs.”
“Everyone’s got someplace to be. Finding God is not on the schedule. - The sun is also a star”
“The past drawn like a silk sheet over the present.”
“Because you’re a creation of God, you reflect the Divine qualities of creativity, wisdom, and love.”
“Don't wish DO! Don't try BE! Don't think KNOW! And above all: Bless a stranger with a small, yet powerful, random act of kindness. You feel me?”
“The first law of nature is self-preservation. Cut off that which may harm you. But if it is worth preserving, and is meaningful, nourish it and have no regrets. Ultimately, this is true living and love of self from within.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“Never let haters 'still' your flow. They can only do so with your permission.”
“Fashion is about going ahead, not about memory.”
“One who will not accept solitude, stillness and quiet recurring moments is caught up in the wilderness of addictions; far removed from an original state of being and awareness. This is 'dis-ease.”
“Fully inhale your dream and completely exhale manifestation of it.”
“Fashion is about two things: the evolution and the opposite.”
“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“Quitting is never an option on the road to success. Find the way forward. If you have a positive mindset and are willing to persevere, there is little that is beyond your reach. The attitude of being ready to work even in the face of challenges and despite odds is what will make all the difference in your life.”
“Black Girls… Stop settling for less than what you deserve. That’s why I stress self-love! There comes a time when you can no longer blame a man. You’ve got to hold yourself accountable for the choices that you make. Choose wisely! Slow down. Pay attention. Don’t allow his good looks and swag to blind you from the truth. Don’t be so easily flattered by money, cars, jewelry, and all of that other stuff. Your heart and well-being is worth much more than that. Choose someone who respects, loves, and adores you. Somebody who has your best interest at heart. Nothing less! Allow yourself to experience REAL love. Stop giving your love, time, and attention to men who clearly don’t deserve it. #ItsAllUpToYou”
“Cities are never random. No matter how chaotic they might seem, everything about them grows out of a need to solve a problem. In fact, a city is nothing more than a solution to a problem, that in turn creates more problems that need more solutions, until towers rise, roads widen, bridges are built, and millions of people are caught up in a mad race to feed the problem-solving, problem-creating frenzy.”
“To love is to soar in the wild unexpectedly.”
“Not every instance requires a response. Truth resides silently in the seat of power.”
“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
“She knew there were only small joys in life--the big ones were too complicated to be joys when you got all through--and once you realized that, it took a lot of the pressure off.”
“One often hears of writers that rise and swell with their subject, though it may seem but an ordinary one. How, then, with me, writing of this Leviathan? Unconsciously my chirography expands into placard capitals. Give me a condor's quill! Give me Vesuvius' crater for an inkstand! Friends, hold my arms! For in the mere act of penning my thoughts of this Leviathan, they weary me, and make me faint with their out-reaching comprehensiveness of sweep, as if to include the whole circle of the sciences, and all the generations of whales, and men, and mastodons, past, present, and to come, with all the revolving panoramas of empire on earth, and throughout the whole universe, not excluding its suburbs. Such, and so magnifying, is the virtue of a large and liberal theme! We expand to its bulk. To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.”
“By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.”
“To jump over centuries In one step is impossible. Jump too high or far, You’ll be way too late.”
“It is easier to pluck a flower than to nurture it; which is why some would prefer to destroy your talents than nurture them.”
“A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.”
“When happiness pours out of your heart, good pours out into the world.”
“You’re nothing more than poison in my veins.”
“Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is.”
“A genius is a lunatic who made it!”
“Although some popular religious texts such as the New Testament, Quran, Bhagavad Gita, Tao Te Ching, or Tibetan Book of the Dead contain interesting insights and stories, it is the Jewish religious texts such as the Old Testament (Hebrew Scriptures) that contain valuable information on acquiring wealth.”
“որևէ քաղաք ճանաչելու ամենաճիշտ ձևերից մեկն էլ իմանալն է, թե ինչպե՞ս են այնտեղ աշխատում, ինչպե՞ս են սիրում, և ինչպե՞ս են մեռնում:”
“The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.”
“Balanced emotions are crucial to intuitive decision making.”
“Love is like dried flowers sometimes. Even though you watch the petals shrink and change colour, you cannot help treasuring them”
“LOVE is and will ALWAYS be the greatest GIFT ƸӜƷ”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“Adventure runs on all sorts of whiskey. ”
“‎"Based on a true story"? No, thanks. I prefer "based on a true imagination".”
“Then Carrot said, "It's better to light a candle than curse the darkness, captain. That's what they say." "What?" Vimes' sudden rage was like a thunderclap. "Who says that? When has that ever been true? It's never been true! It's the kind of thing people without power say to make it all seem less bloody awful, but it's just words, it never makes any difference -”
“It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife,' I said, sighing. 'Is it?' said Veronica, looking surprised. 'Universally acknowledged? Surely that presupposes life similar to human societies beyond this planet, and besides--' 'No, no, it's a quote from   Never mind,' I said.”
“It's all worth it. It's the beautiful moments like these that make up for the ugly love.”
“She wore his love like a loaded gun. ”
“ღ¸.•* Love is Colorblind *•.¸ღ”
“Dream by making and make by dreaming.”
“The night is still waiting.”
“Life is so transient and ephemeral; we will not be here after a breath. So think better, think deeply, think with kindness, and write it with love so that it may live a little longer.”
“She's fire but she will not burn you. She knows all too well how it feels to live with ashes.”
“I arrived, I saw humans and I saw through their faces. Nothing ever changes but the light in their eyes. For I too have buried my demons today, without knowing what might remain beneath the face of tomorrow.”
“Philosophy does not promise to secure anything external for man, otherwise it would be admitting something that lies beyond its proper subject-matter. For as the material of the carpenter is wood, and that of statuary bronze, so the subject-matter of the art of living is each person's own life.”
“The human population would probably be way less than a thousand, if ejaculation were not usually accompanied by an orgasm.”
“War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.”
“Everything that happens, happens at the only possible time it can happen, and it is always at exactly the right time. We cannot get to an appointment before we arrive—or after. It is only at the instant of our arrival that we can arrive, and that is always at exactly the right moment, the perfect moment, the only possible moment.”
“Love does not choose belief, place, time, situations, or race. love happens between two souls.”
“Before you step out into the world today, remember that you will encounter people whose struggles you do not know. Remember the way a pair of eyes light up when greeted with kindness.”
“It’s not easy to write a poem about a poem.”
“I Am ! Two powerful words . You must confess  I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.”
“During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.”
“ As if you have discovered a beach you have been visiting all your life is made not of sand but of diamonds, and they blind you with their beauty  Diamonds might be blinding in their beauty, but they were also the hardest and sharpest gems in the world. They could cut you or grind you down, smash and slice you apart. Malcolm, deranged with love, had not thought of that. But Julian could think of nothing else.”
“In more ancient times the life was simpler, but now the discovery of all these different medicines for curing dyspepsia shows that people are suffering from this disease. In this country we know that there are so many kinds of pills and medicines used. We even have those in India now. These things show that not only in America but in all the countries of the world we have to recourse to artificial means for necessary nutrients because people are not aware of right rules of diet. It is better to follow the right rules of diet in the beginning in order to avoid any kind of artificial medicines later on.”
“All those people who rejected me gave me a head-start on freedom, because the fear and obedience we are all taught, well, those things weren't getting me any love.”
“He’s as tense as I am, maybe even more so, but it’s so hard to reconcile that with the serenity of weightlessness. His faux-blond hair is floating out away from his head. He’s wearing a worn, much-mended, and too-large shirt his friend in town must’ve found for him to help him blend in. He looks nothing like the Romeo who dragged me off the base, nothing like the Cormac who threw himself between his own people and me. It’s like that guy’s gone, and I killed him.”
“Attending a funeral would leave the average person insane, if they truly believed that sooner or later they are also going to die.”
“Dont regret that it just got over, but instead Move on for More!”
“Don’t overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.”
“People fear anyone who differs from what is considered normal, and in a small town the idea of normal can be as narrow as the streets.”
“I had an interview once with some German journalist—some horrible, ugly woman. It was in the early days after the communists—maybe a week after—and she wore a yellow sweater that was kind of see-through. She had huge tits and a huge black bra, and she said to me, ‘It’s impolite; remove your glasses.’ I said, ‘Do I ask you to remove your bra?”
“If the fate of the universe was decided in a single moment at the instant of the Big Bang , that was the most creative moment of all.”
“You do not exist to serve the illusion. The illusion exists to serve you.”
“Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
“Sometimes it takes a meltdown to cool down.”
“What are you prepared to give for your dream? If it is not everything stop pipe dreaming.”
“You da boss”
“I think, to be happy is to be interested and engaged.”
“Writers Are Insane. For months we are lone wolves locked in our caves. Then overnight we become publicity hounds. It's a schizophrenic business.”
“Your life experience is a moving picture, of which you are writer, director, performer, producer and critic.”
“It does not manifest so that you can believe in it. You believe in it so that it can manifest.”
“Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.”
“There's always something in it for the person who is allowing to be taken advantage of." Psychotherapist David in Type 1 Sociopath”
“Yes, content is king but excellence is his queen. ~ Onyi Anyado.”
“Some of us are busy doing things; some of us are busy complaining.”
“There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.”
“In reality most human beings are not, to most human beings, more important than money.”
“The least we each ought to do for someone who treats us like a king or a queen is to treat them like a prince or a princess.”
“There's a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood, leads onto fortune, omitted, all their voyages end in shallows and miseries. Upon such tide are we now ”
“Life is magical for those whose hearts are loving, minds are full with joy, and eyes that are dancing with beauty.”
“There is no pleasure that I haven't made myself sick on.”
“They say that Good ultimately wins, OK! Sir, Agreed! but the win-loss record of Good vs. Evil is like population of (Moldova vs. China).”
“Who strive not for objects unattainable, grieve not for what lost and gone be, Who suffer not mind clouded amid mishap, have intellect with wisdom truly. [26]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“Crying is NOT a weakness. Cry as much as you have to. Don’t be afraid or ashamed to let your tears flow. Crying is a natural part of life. We all have feelings, and sometimes crying is all that we can do. Crying can help relieve the pain, hurt, disappointments, and all of the other things that life can throw our way. Know that it’s okay, and know that you’re going to be okay as well. Wishing You: Peace of mind, Comfort, Happiness, Joy within and LOVE.”
“Everybody wants to have intimate conversations, but the smart fellows don't give out, only the fools. The smart fellows talk intimately about the fools, and examine them all over and give them advice.”
“One must savor the coffee, to actually have it.”
“I have poured my heart out …. And now I am empty.”
“The only place I ever felt at home was with you. There isn’t a place for me anywhere anymore… I’ve been evicted.”
“The elegance is as physical, as moral quality that has nothing common with the clothing. You can see a countrywoman more elegant than one so called elegant woman.”
“Stuff your brain with knowledge.”
“Hating skin color is contempt for God's divine creative imagination. Honoring it is appreciation for conscious, beautiful-love-inspired diversity.”
“What you are, and who you are should provide greater clarity about where you have been and where you are headed. Although one distinguishes spiritual from physical nature, the ultimate unification of the two is the consequence of the struggle for internal, external and eternal – peace.”
“Deep within, there is something profoundly known, not consciously, but subconsciously. A quiet truth, that is not a version of something, but an original knowing. What this, absolute, truth [identity] is may be none of our business…but it is there, guiding us along the path of greater becoming; a true awareness. It is so self-sustaining that our recognition of it is not required. We are offspring’s of such a powerfully divine force – Creator of all things known and unknown.”
“What you do teaches faster, and has a lasting impression, far beyond what you say.”
“Language is the mother, not the handmaiden, of thought; words will tell you things you never thought or felt before.”
“When spontaneous demoralizing thoughts seep into your conscience, don't trip allowing them to fester. These are random tests of your conviction and determination. Large or small, your reaction to such intrusions is a defining moment for which no one else, but you, can mitigate.”
“أني لأرثى لحال هؤلاء البشر الذين يعيشون خارج قضبان السجن ولم تتسنّ لهم الفرصة ليعرفوا القيمة الحقيقية للحياه”
“Making a dream into reality begins with what you have, not with what you are waiting on.”
“أي طالع أشد سؤآ من أن تكون المرأه في محتمع لا يقدس الا الفحوله وويقود بالعصا قطيع النساء”
“If you have a dream, keep it. But write it down and take appropriate actions to see it manifest.”
“It is common to represent a title, but inspiring to represent a purpose.”
“Unless a convention of anarchists visited the library yesterday, most books ought to be in their rightful places.”
“If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.”
“Today is not just another ordinary day. It is an opportunity to do, or say, something that just might inspire someone to greater becoming especially a wayward youth.”
“Different languages, the same thoughts; servant to thoughts and their masters.”
“When you first look at a woman, you are in fact blind to her beauty. The true beauty of a woman is revealed only after you get to know her.”
“My toes are going to come," -Mariann The Night Owl”
“From the pastor who has an affair with his secretary, to the jerk at the office who happens to be a deacon, to the overbearing boss who can’t miss his Monday night Bible study, Christians today cause more problems for the gospel than all the devil’s demons put together.”
“Quotes ain’t all that useful. Fact is, there’s more concise ways to express what you’re feelin’, like screams and moans.”
“Used every man according to his capacity.”
“I swear that girl was born with a pen in her hand, the moon in her hair and stars in her soul.”
“You're stronger than us. Once you find your anchor never let go of it. No matter what.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“Vandals listen only when others are stronger. If vandals are equal or stronger Their word is the last word.”
“The opinions, eloquence and articulacy of the man or woman on the street can often be as invaluable as precious stones”
“There were occasions when Shakespeare was a very bad writer indeed. You can see how often in books of quotations. People who like quotations love meaningless generalizations.”
“Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
“Ada orang-orang yang kemungkinan sebaiknya cukup menetap dalam hati kita saja, tapi tidak bisa tinggal dalam hidup kita. Maka, biarlah begitu adanya, biar menetap di hati, diterima dengan lapang. Toh dunia ini selalu ada misteri yang tidak bisa dijelaskan. Menerimanya dengan baik justru membawa kedamaian.”
“Being the light of the world is about being a broken, exploding, scarred star and shining a light of hope and inspiration to everyone around you.”
“If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?”
“Don’t think about the possibilities of failing. Never forget to think about the possibilities of flying.”
“Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.”
“Be kind. It will reveal your true inner beauty.”
“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
“Summer is for surrendering; winter is for wondering.”
“Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.”
“God created all things. It's men who decide which ones are mistakes.”
“Poetry is breathing words that give a reader pause.”
“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
“I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time.”
“Life has simply decided to open the floodgates, trying to drown me in a whirlwind of twists and turns.”
“In the absence of a formally agreed, worldwide dictionary definition of 'Quotography' (in 2016), here are my two cents worth: 'Quotography is the art of pairing unique quotations with complementary images in order to express thought-provoking ideas, challenging concepts, profound sentiments'.”
“I ate some emotional soup in my childhood and have spent a lifetime trying to digest it.”
“If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?”
“Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious.”
“Stress is nothing but the fear of change.”
“God created philosophy for all the intellects that got bored of hearing the same bible stories every Sunday.”
“Never be cruel to anyone; no one deserves it.”
“  [They] took it upon themselves to start the laborious process of cranking up life again, after death has stopped us all in its tracks.”
“The biggest cause of divorse in my opinion is marriage”
“That king who forsakes lust, anger, bestows wealth to needy, Discriminates, is learned, active, is regarded as man of authority; Prosperity is attends on king who inspires confidence in others truly, Who punishes guilty in right measure, knows when to show mercy. [97]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“Who ignores not weak foe, with intellect waits for his opportunity, Who displays in season ability, with the stronger desires no hostility; Grieves not in calamity, applying all senses, patiently bearing misery, Is wise – foremost of persons and all his foes but vanquished do be. [98]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“Who make not friends with sinful, lives not away from hope futilely, Who outrages not another's wife and betrays not arrogance surely; Who never commits any theft or never shows ingratitude certainly, And never indulges in drinking is a person who is always happy. [99]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“Victory must be real. It must be earned. That means it must be rare and difficult, against steep odds, and defeat must be the other.”
“Πως μπορώ να κρατήσω ένα τόσο αγνό πλάσμα κοντά μου; Μόνο και μόνο που αναπνέει τον ίδιο αέρα με μένα, νιώθω να την μολύνω.”
“Al margen del paréntesis en el pulso constante que manteníamos desde que nos habíamos conocido, yo creía seguir teniendo claro lo que me convenía. Hubiera firmado en ese mismo instante por una aventura de una noche con algún tipo guapo y amable, algo que devolviera mi corazón a la vida, que me mostrara que los para siempre no existen pero los aquí y ahora no están tan mal. Porque seguir esperando el amor perfecto me resultaba pueril y ya había descubierto que la ingenuidad solo se traduce en dolor y heridas que nunca terminan de cicatrizar.”
“Having beef with someone is unnecessary and avoidable. Whatever the issue, if not positive, it is an opportunity to cut the excess fat from an unhealthy dietary network. Simply excuse yourself from the table of negativity and lean forward in peace.”
“Writers don't get mad they get even in their novels.”
“I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing this. [ Cormac McCarthy's Venomous Fiction , New York Times, April 19, 1992]”
“Both friend and enemy reside within us. One lives by the rule of compassion, the other by the rule of hard knocks. Though potential influence of either extreme is inevitable, our actions bear witness to the one we embrace.”
“The Motto of Champions: If you are hurt, you can suck it up and press on. If injured, you can rebound and return bigger and better and continue to inspire!”
“Forgiveness isn’t something I’m preoccupied with — turning the other cheek isn’t my trip.”
“Freedom is realizing you have a choice.”
“Do not hate the player, nor the game rule it!”
“Divide the constant tide and random noisiness of energetic flow, with conscious recurring moments of empty mind, solitude, gratitude and deep slow breathing. Of this, the natural law of self-preservation demands.”
“Though I think and speak of greater becoming, I, too, am an infinite work in progress.”
“What surrounds us is what is within us.”
“From the cradle to the grave, joy and pain is the fertilizer for wisdom.”
“Past and future is determined by what is now…right now! This is why the present is a gift; the only one that ultimately matters most.”
“You do not get what you wish for, unless it be known to the source of your desire.”
“I would like to be a one-man multinational fashion phenomenon.”
“She had one of those goofy smiles that made you wonder if she was too stupid to know that life sucks most of the time.”
“Truth is irrelevant; what matters is what people believe.”
“God is indeed able to make you what He wants you to be.”
“Change the world, I know I won’t, Enthralling as always I hope it remains, A kaleidoscope of joy, sorrow and pain. But my only wish as I take this jaunt, Is for my words on you to impress upon, A smile, a tear or even an angry frown.”
“If you want something done, you'll have to dream it yourself.”
“Perception can be one-sided or variant: "Glass half empty or half full." There usually is more than one way of perceiving. Thoroughly check your inner dialogue.”
“It is more substantial to represent a purpose, rather than just a title.”
“Judging by your face, the what-the-fuck nodes in your cerebral cortex must be a real light show.”
“You can't Google life”
“Your thoughts make what happen in your life~ You can turn anything negative into the positive~ What you visualize can come true and you attract it to yourself”
“I would rather go swimming with great white sharks than wade in romance 'cause I can never find the courage to ask her to dinner or even to dance.”
“I choose many voices to consider and reckon with, rather than just one to tolerate.”
“What is missing in our time is not the willingness of God to act in biblical ways, but the willingness of his people to believe he is still the God of the Bible—and to act on that faith. To throw away fear, to stride against common wisdom, to risk all that we have and all that we are so we may follow only our simple belief that the God of the Scriptures is still alive and that he will still do what he says in his Word.”
“I have a daughter I have never held. She has a scent I have never smelled She has a name I have never yelled. She has a mother who has already failed. Love, Kenna”
“Bisogna essere un umano per preferire le altre razze alla propria. Per quel che mi riguarda, non c'è niente che possa preferire agli esseri che mi sono simili. Era questa la nota stonata, nell'uomo dagli occhi invetriati. Odiava i suoi simili come se stesso.”
“Bukan melupakan yang jadi masalahnya. Barangsiapa yang bisa menerima, maka dia akan bisa melupakan, hidup bahagia. Tapi jika dia tidak bisa menerima, dia tidak akan pernah bisa melupakan.”
“If people were rain, I'd be a drizzle and she'd be a hurricane.”
“Tidak ada kabar adalah kabar, yaitu kabar tidak ada kabar. Tidak ada kepastian juga adalah kepastian, yaitu kepastian tidak ada kepastian. Hidup ini juga memang tentang menunggu. Menunggu kita untuk menyadari: kapan kita akan berhenti menunggu.”
“Bukan seberapa lama umat manusia bisa bertahan hidup sebagai ukuran kebahagiaan, tapi seberapa besar kemampuan mereka memeluk erat-erat semua hal menyakitkan yang mereka alami.”
“Most sane human beings’ chances of being alive in a thousand years’ time are a hundred times higher than their chances of being sincerely happy for at least ten consecutive days.”
“I exhaust my body throughout the day, And I don’t get enough sleep at night. I swallow the words I have to say, And let my thoughts fuck up my peace of mind. In a matter of fact; I’ve been the one who tired me the most and I do owe myself many apologies …”
“If time is money and you wasted my time, then give me back my money!”
“If you do not enjoy a moment, you lose it forever. If you enjoy it, it is yours forever.”
“Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.”
“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
“Every new day is an opportunity to grow your love.”
“There wasn't an anhydrous lacrimal gland in the room ”
“Photographs are the reflection of untold stories, unseen beauties, unexpressed emotions, and the unheard songs of life.”
“If we were living in a better age they'd build a temple around a woman like that.”
“Be wary of what you wish for.”
“When you have the power to love, that strength, that courage is infinite; that love is infinite. There is nothing finite about it's presence, for love. never. dies.”
“Adversity discourages losers; adversity inspires winners.”
“The best knowledge is knowing yourself and your inner being.”
“Every time you help someone to achieve success, you become more successful. Always help to lift the burdens of others.”
“When we are touched by something it's as if we're being brushed by an angel's wings.”
“Education shows the path to the door of opportunity. It gives confidence and hope to open it.”
“Only my heart can see your love and only my soul can feel your touch.”
“The smallest act of kindness makes you more beautiful than any expensive dress or make up.”
“There wasn’t a question of what compromise there should be or what kind of peace process we should engage in. There was only one discussion: How do we remove the colonial power that is occupying our country?”
“I always have believed that we should not call it an Arab-Israeli issue or a Palestinian-Arab dispute or a peace negotiation. I think we should call it what it is: an occupation of Palestine, full stop. This is not a popular position in mixed company.”
“Life is a magical game so play it with love.”
“If you don’t fight for your dreams, you won’t earn anything. If you don’t anything, you will beg for everything.”
“Philosophy is a root of science. Science is a branch of a philosophical tree.”
“There is a moral imperative to seeing mental health through the same lens we use for other pathologies or illnesses. Being sad or overwhelmed is normal, much as being short of breath after a run is normal. Both become abnormal when they happen with no apparent cause and are hard to stop. Those situations need medical attention.”
“Know what your objective is. Anything that does not contribute to that objective is unnecessary; let those things go.”
“Bravado may stir the crowd, but courage needs no audience.”
“fight for what you believe in, for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.”
“To witness miracles unfold in your experience, count your blessings and be thankful. Perceived small blessings accumulate to be the most powerful.”
“It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.”
“ .but talking to a ghost about a demon when you’re in a room full of people who can’t see either of them is not to be recommended.”
“A King and Queen cannot support a crown with eyes looking down. Their universe expands as far as you can see.”
“During moments of strife and 'dis-ease', check your flow and redirect your focus to that which is naturally good.”
“If you wish to transform, pretend this day until it is so.”
“Do not only think about it, but feel about it, also, before taking appropriate action.”
“Be the winner in your life!”
“The smooth folds of her dress concealed a tumultuous heart, and her modest lips told nothing of her torment. She was in love.”
“Love is relentless, and so am I ;)”
“You will not do incredible things without an incredible dream.”
“Life makes fools of us all sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, it's our own expectations that crush us." -- from Skippy Dies”
“And it means snapshots, because that's what all stories I write come down to; each is a snapshot of who I was during however many days and weeks it was written. A fictional reflection of my mind fossilized, set in paper and ink, instead of stone. Memorialized, for better or worse. This is who I was, and this, and this, and this, and that, and most times I look back and wince. I'm rarely kind to who I was. But other times, looking back is bittersweet. Sometimes, I'm even grateful to the me of then who left a snapshot for the me of now. Maybe I should let go and join those who pretend the past is past, but it's a falsehood I've never learned to spin.”
“ the Statue of Liberty's got this invitation: 'Give me your tired, your poor, your reeking homeless--' 'Huddled masses,' said Ira. 'Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.'   Okay, fine. So like everybody in the old countries says, 'Hey, I'm a huddled mass,' and they all wanna come over.”
“Life without Music would be a Mistake. Life without Books would be Catastrophic!”
“Bling" is not an indication of riches. It is a product of value-based spending, to enrich the pockets of those outside of ones sphere of influence the haves' bleeding the have-nots'.”
“I was feeling rational and restless, which is horrible for watching movies”
“Entering a cell, penetrating deep as a flying saucer to find a new galaxy would be an honorable task for a new scientist interested more in the inner state of the soul than in outer space.”
“Inspirational quotes are dances of light that shine in dark places during your life.”
“People have incredible nerve to do terrible things, but never actually admit to them.”
“Life, for the living, is a gift of opportunity; an exercise of the will to choose.”
“Stupid quotes are only Twitters in disguise.”
“Day or night, good or bad…all things from within.”
“I think all artists struggle to represent the geometry of life in their own way, just like writers deal with archetypes. There are only so many stories that you can tell, but an infinite number of storytellers.”
“For an apple you can’t reach up and pick, you have to climb that tree; the tree won’t bend down for you!”
“For the human experience, life in the natural world seems to require the application of meaning, in order to evoke purpose.”
“It was unhealthy to get too attached. Such things were best reserved for people who had a life expectancy”
“Love is God’s medicine.” ~ Amunhotep El Bey”
“Solitude is the house of peace.”
“There is bound to be turbulence in the clouds of confusion before one can view the friendly skies, and an illuminated landing strip.”
“When individuals and communities do not govern self, they risk being ruled by external forces that care less about the well-being of the village.”
“You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.”
“If you can't make ends meet, meet them in the middle instead”
“The great correspondent of the seventeenth century Madame de Sevigne counseled, "Take chocolate in order that even the most tireome company seem acceptable to you," which is also sound advice today!”
“Take time to learn the closest thing that we have to a SUPERPOWER - Code”
“You can never tie a string to someone's heart to keep them from walking away; you can only love them in their freedom and hope that they choose to stay, hope that they love you back freely in the same way.”
“Image is only temporal. Substance endures. Who said, "Image is everything"? And who believed it?”
“Famous people steal my quotes all of the time without knowing; none of it is ever very interesting though.”
“It may be a tough world, but its a magical world; Where a mere sunset will make you smile . Amidst all the hardships, When the life you want to live seems a strange place, Be the first to chart this new territory; And leave a clear path for others to follow, They will follow    You do not have to fell the pressure to lead . You merely followed the horizon where the sun set, which became a beautiful sunrise  Your Sunrise ..”
“Though the earth contains greater energy and mass than any single being, linked together, "people make the world go-round".”
“Sorry. I get attacks of quotitis every once in a while. It's a very rare disease with no cure. It usually attacks older people, and here i am afflicted with it at my tender age.”
“In the moment between sleep and wake I kiss my blanket Kissing you goodbye”
“A second chance will never be able to heal the wound of the first one.”
“Cottage cheese, broken down into its simplest form, is milk that has been curdled to mimic the cellulite its consumption is meant to banish.”
“Kentutlah semerdu mungkin di hadapannya. Jika dia tertawa lebar, maka dia benar sahabatmu. Sahabatmu adalah dia yang menerimamu apa adanya.”
“They keep texting you wyd and wya — instead of how you feeling — what’s on your mind — and you wonder why you feel misunderstood”
“You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.”
“I hope you choose kindness. Even when others are being cruel. When someone asks you to give them your heart all warm and full of trust, and they give you something makeshift and full of barbed wire in return: be kind. Some people need to feel your heart wrap around them more than you know.”
“God’s plan is so perfect. That he made every person to be dependent on nature. To be dependent on other people . To be dependent on him to live and to survive. Next time think twice when you want to take nature, people or God our of your life. Think twice when you want to destroy nature and other people , because you might be destroying yourself. No matter how perfect, rich or good you are. You always need others to survive. Philippians 2:3-4 | Philippians 2:3 | 1 Peter 4:10”
“You are worse than a corrupt politician if you don't vote, because tomorrow. You will be the first to complain about bad service delivery and how bad the country is being run by bad leaders and criminals.”
“Even if there is a small lie in the truth you telling. It will make the truth questionable.”
“The only difference between money and blank paper is that I can use blank paper for campfire” - Anuj Jasani”
“People just read about time management and think about time management but execution is a completely different experience that I can't describe in words”
“The reason why some people can’t go far in life. It is because of the weight on their shoulder. They have a heavy burden on them. This burden consist of screenshots, messages , conversation and secrets. That can destroy families or someone's life. It consists of grudges, hate, anger, revenge, jealousy, gossip, lies and envy. Their hearts is overloaded. They are holding on to others past and mistakes. Well Jesus says is you want to be far in life. Cast your burden unto him. Come to him, all of you who are tired from carrying heavy loads, and he will give you rest. Matthew 11:28-30”
“Don’t judge yourself by what others did to you.”
“Every failure is a chance to make things better than ever”
“When we get a new idea — or remember an old one – and we cling to it and try to spread it with evangelical zeal, then we no longer have control over it. In fact, it's the idea itself that possesses us and becomes our new master. And we end up blindly serving the idea and forgetting the cause that brought it to us in the first place.”
“Write down your pain with a pen on a piece of blank paper then think of the words that need improvement, you find yourself most responsible for most of your pain.”
“I believe in love at first sight… But it’s not the first moment you lay eyes on a person, it’s the moment you first see the person they truly are.”
“Above everything else, genuinely love yourself first. Self-love is powerful and it’s the best love that you will ever have. When you love who YOU are, your relationships will be healthier and your life will be happier. Self-love sets the standard in how we allow others to treat us and how we treat ourselves. Your happiness and well-being is important. Protect it by always valuing who you are!”
“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
“Bloom as if you want to make the whole world beautiful.”
“Many obese people spend a significant amount of their energy on suppressing the urge to tell some of the people who are staring at them that they do not eat as much and as frequently as they seem to.”
“Threatened men live long.”
“From the first cup of coffee in the morning to playing in the sheets at night, I choose you to be by my side.”
“If God were to make a million lovely flowers in your image and plant them in a garden with you among them, I would still know you by your scent and by the feel of your petals and by the crazy way you lean towards my light whenever I draw near.”
“Appreciation has tremendous power. A beautiful thing is not beautiful until someone appreciates it.”
“I’d like to be the moon in your sky.”
“If you have to choose between any two, first choose time to think.”
“A moment of silence is actually a very loud moment.”
“So that others can live in peace, talk about love and peace wherever you go.”
“It is not what we have that matters; what matters is what we give away with love.”
“We are governed by our moods; should be the other way around.”
“If you want to fly, grow wings of faith.”
“Don’t you know it is your joy that makes the universe joyful?”
“What's up with you? How come you're being like this?' Because it's the truth. This is the world we live in.”
“Abundance is not the absence of scarcity; it is the presence of abundant mentality.”
“No one can erase or steal those sweetest memories of love.”
“Most often you don’t own your own mind; you borrow it from society.”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“Te sientes sola cuando sales con un chico, y haces el amor en su piso, y él se esfuerza por ser simpático y hacerte sentir bien, pero es como si todas sus atenciones se dirigiesen a tu cuerpo y no a tu mente (te hace el amor, te hace la cena) y sientes que cada minuto que pasas con él solo contribuye a que os canséis un poco más el uno del otro, y cuando os separáis finges que es doloroso, pero en realidad lo estás deseando porque supone un alivio dejar de esforzarte por complacer al otro, y cuando llegas a casa tientes la impresión de que él ya no ha vuelto a pensar en ti desde que saliste de la suya, tienes la sensación de que has salido de su vida para siempre, aunque sepas que al día siguiente te volverá a llamar y volverás a tener sexo con él, pero esa noche, mientras te desnudas en silencio y te metes en la cama, estás segura de que él no está pensando en ti, que nadie piensa en ti, en realidad, y también estás segura de que si descuelgas el teléfono y llamas a tu madre, a tus hermanas o a alguna de tus pocas amigas, o lo llamas a él, cualquiera de ellos se sorprenderá de ver tu número y de oír tu voz, y les llevará unos segundos hacer un hueco para acomodar tu presencia en su mundo, porque solo eres algo ajeno que entra y sale a la escena de sus vidas, algo que no deja más huella que un tenue rastro de incomodidad. La soledad es algo difícil de explicar, y si no te has sentido así jamás, enhorabuena.”
“A beautiful idea can give you immortality—not success or money.”
“ sayings only become clichés because they're true.”
“For once, engulf, not air, but hope. For once, breathe on, a firm belief!”
“All life deserves respect, dignity, and compassion.”
“Everything happens for a reason, that’s why it’s said that every delay is a blessing. Hard times will come, don’t ever allow it to weigh you down or stop you from serving God continuously. Sometimes, God only wants to see how much you believe in him as you claim. There’s no repose, no delay or unforeseen circumstances that befall a man without the knowledge of God. Keep up the faith and rejoice!” I Corinthians 10:13 -Shenita Etwaroo”
“Doors of opportunity are always open around you—you just have to find them.”
“Learn from your past, use the possibilities of the present moment, and let the future open the doors of opportunity.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive”
“I live to inspire, not start the fire.”
“He had had a severe shock some weeks earlier, when, having narrowly failed to capture a large grey-brown hare for his dinner, it had stopped at the edge of the forest, looked at him with disdain, and said, 'Well, I hope you're proud of yourself, that's all,' and had scampered off into the long grass”
“People who believe they have bad luck create bad luck. Those who believe they are very fortunate, that the world is a generous place filled with trustworthy people, live in exactly that kind of world.”
“Nor is there wanting in the press Some spirit to stand simply forth, Heroic in it nakedness, Against the uttermost of earth. The tale of earth's unhonored things Sounds nobler there than 'neath the sun; And the mind whirls and the heart sings, And a shout greets the daring one.”
“When dreams become words to share with others - amazing things can happen.”
“How can you fight stupidity effectively? The answer is simple: it’s not easy.”
“Maybe you'll change Abandon all your wicked ways Make amends and start anew again Maybe you'll see All the wrongs you did to me And start all over, start all over again. Who am i kidding? Now, lets not get overzealous here Youre always been a huge piece of shit If i could kill you i would But it's frowned upon in all fifty states Having said that, burn in Hell.”
“So I don’t think I’ll make Poet Laureate, but I swear I’m not twisted and bitter, If finely-wrought talents don’t weigh in the balance, I can always write haiku on Twitter.”
“What would Golan Do? That way I can ask myself before I do anything. Before I take a dump. How would Dr. Golan want me to take this dump? Should I bank it off the side or go straight down the middle? What would be the most psychologically beneficial dump I could take?”
“Each sunrise brings a new day filled with new hopes for a new beginning.”
“Be in limits, life will never limit you.”
“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
“Stories You Can Feel!”
“This isn't the road home. This is a road littered with questions that will inevitably lead to an answer.”
“Yes, our Father has a plan, Ciminae,” he said. “But he leaves it up to his children to accept his will. It is their agency. He cannot force his will upon them. If he did, he would cease to be God. They . . . we must choose for ourselves to accept his will with unbreakable faith in our Father. That is when the Father moves us to do his will.” (The Spirit. From Book 2, "Worlds Without End: Aftermath," coming September 1, 2012)”
“I don’t care what Einstein said about God not playing dice; If he exists, he’s addicted to craps.”
“My father once told me that it’s not enough for a man to be lucky; that a guy has to know when that streak is on for him.”
“Be creative enough to dream, brave enough to try, persistent enough to succeed, and humble enough to thank those who helped you along the way.”
“Any self-defense class worth its salt will tell you that you don’t pull out a weapon unless you intend to use it. The same should apply to ballsy remarks.”
“Só a quero porque não a posso ter.Como um rapaz imberbe”
“I love with love, so that we all may love." ~ Amunhotep El Bey”
“I do not think he (Chester Arthur) knows anything. He can quote a verse from poetry or a page from Dickens or Thackeray, but these are only leaves springing from a root out of dry ground. His vital forces are not fed,and very soon he has given out his all.”
“Never fear Love's absence in your life, because it already exists within you, in great abundance.”
“I’ve got some questions, Are you sick of feelin’ sorry? And people sayin’ not to worry? Sick of hearing this hakuna matata motto, From people who won the lotto, We’re not that lucky. Have you noticed that you’re breathing? Look around and count your blessings, So when you’re sick of all this stressin’ and guessin’ I’m suggestin’ you turn this up and let them hear you sing it”
“I love when people quote me. It makes me feel that my words have meaning. People give words power. When they speak out for things they feel, we all become alive.”
“berhati-hatilah kalo menghujat para maling dan pelacur. "Because we might do the same.”
“God is the Master Author of your life. He has written every page of your life story in His eternal book. It's up to you to turn up the pages and move on with the next chapter or just get yourself stuck in the same content over and over again."- Elizabeth's Quotes”
“Where have all the Fembots gone?”
“This path was not that of my conscious choosing. But after persistent subconscious confrontation, I have finally embraced what is, 'souly' for me and I am thankful, when called upon, to be able to share and give to those who seek their own way of the path.”
“Always be wary of people who use quotes. I don't know who said that.' - Murdoc Niccals”
“Fear is the lack of faith in one's ability to create powerful solutions.”
“The positive vibrations of unregulated joy, peace, happiness and tranquility is freedom.”
“I was always exceedingly delighted with that saying of Chrysostom, "The foundation of our philosophy is humility"; and yet more pleased with that of Augustine: "As the orator, when asked, What is the first precept in eloquence? answered, Delivery: What is the second? Delivery: What is the third? Delivery: so if you ask me concerning the precepts of the Christian religion, I will answer, first, second, and third, Humility.”
“Rulers are not anointed. They are created by the void of self-mastery.”
“There’s no better way to get to know a city than to walk its streets. A place will reveal its soul through its sights, sounds and smells, and eventually, it’ll teach you its rhythm.”
“Sleep is death enjoyed.”
“life weighs heavy upon my shoulders and patience starts wearing thin, it is divine hope and dreams which sustain me, pushing me forth against the wind.”
“Quotation confesses inferiority.”
“It’s easy to get caught up in where the world is going and lose sight of the direction we were headed.”
“There is too much pain in the world,in all shapes and forms.That is what these people represent.Pain from losing their homes,the death of a loved one,failing an exam,having a leg amputated,not getting a resident permit after years of hoping for a better life That's what binds them,That's what they potray.Pain.”
“Get busy with the issue! In this regard, time is not friendly…nor should it be.”
“Wednesday had come and gone in a single breath. As I dreamt of divine love, Picasso, and a vast field of gold, a new dawn had already begun.”
“People that love quotes are those short on time, but long on big ideas.”
“Anybody can fail.”
“At the end to death I must go, Finishing a real tragic and funny show.”
“The more you care for those who don't care for you, the more you'll hurt yourself.”
“The night may be long and dark, but it can never stop the dawn. Don't let the darkness of the night overwhelm you. The brightest light awaits at the end of the darkest tunnel. The darkest tunnel tests your faith, the brightest light rewards your courage. The night is not the end, but the beginning of a new day. Every sunrise brings new hope, new joy, and new ways to make your life better.”
“Expectations are a cage you build for yourself.”
“Don't be a slave to your partner. Be their equal partner.”
“Love is a choice that we make every day. Friendship is a gift that we receive every day.”
“I like pain. Pain indicates that I'm getting stronger.”
“Wise people choose silence. Kind people choose to answer.”
“With each thought of encouragement, embracing positive self-talk becomes the lighthouse that illuminates our path to success.”
“I’ve got her now,” Jesus Christ said with full authority. “And there is nothing you can do about it. You've done enough. You are no longer allowed anywhere near her.” “But, she’s my girl!” I blurt out, trying to own my property. “No.” His words were like fire. “She is MY girl.”
“People who don’t value your love label your love as too much.”
“How unhappy are those who keep missing the old days.”
“No matter how big you think you are, you are just a little spark.”
“Everyone had different treasures. To some, it could be nice clothes or shiny jewelry, or all the yellow things. But to others, there we're more precious things, like freedom, like friendship, like love.”
“The blood of one, the lives of many, must endure. Speak the words, know thyself true or be damned. Flame of desire, gilded heart, protect what lies within. This Grave Responsibility.”
“He gazed into her eyes, willing her her to condemn him.”
“Across from her was the same broken sort of creature. One that was fractured, splintered, and destroyed then put back together again just to be used as someone else's tool.”
“Don’t just live. Dig deep and enjoy the thrill.”
“Having wrong people who are occupying serious positions in government. Will cost the country its freedom.”
“Don't increase your tolerance of pain for someone. Decrease their control on your heart.”
“Every day, the sun paints the world in light— you can do the same.”
“We all need help sometimes. And when someone is the right person at the right time for you, whatever little help they offer will enrich your life forever; and vice versa.”
“Wanting to be loved back isn't a very high expectation.”
“Feeling lifeless is a warning that you should start living well.”
“Day ends The sun is waning Sailing out across the sea Night falls The shadows come But I've another sun in me.”
“A cultura desaparece numa multidão de produções, numa avalanche de frases, na demência da quantidade.”
“But Akos wasn't "nice"; that was just what people said about quite people”
“Take efforts to understand others, and you'll be understood by others.”
“I regret sharing my secrets with those who didn't deserve to know anything about me.”
“No Mistake can be hidden forever.”
“Cogito, ergo sum”
“Life isn't about being silent. It's about knowing when to speak up.”
“Forget them completely. Delete their memories. Restart your life.”
“Struggle is the price of success, and success is the reward of struggle.”
“Guilt in the heart creates chaos in the head.”
“When death arrives, the very life inside of you knows its own fate; it writhes and claws with a ferocity that has no equal. Then in a quick moment, there is no more pain and you can hear the sound of death. She travels to you gently, as though water had been suspended in the air in-between. The song of her voice greets you with a messenger's reverence and a diplomat's neutrality so that you might me soothed by her meaning nd calmed by her presence.”
“Weak people continue to stay with the wrong people because they choose suffocation over freedom.”
“Some people have the habit of leaving those hands that once wiped their tears.”
“Respect is not for sale. You can gain respect by being polite and courteous to others.”
“Secrets are suffocating.”
“Without trust, the life of a relationship is short.”
“You don’t have to announce to the world that you’ve changed. Embrace the change and enjoy yourself more.”
“Little by little, small acts make a big difference. The good news is that consistent right actions breed greatness. The bad news is that repeated wrong choices effect insignificance. Choose wisely.”
“It's wrong to take out your anger on others when you are angry with yourself.”
“Friendship should be fair. It becomes charity if you’re always the giver and the other person the receiver …and without reciprocation.”
“Some friends may want to show their dominance over you. Thread lightly.”
“Friendship is not supposed to hurt.”
“If they don't consider your needs, they aren’t your real friends.”
“We make time for our friends. But in doing so, plan the time right so that you don't neglect your own needs.”
“You don't need many friends to feel appreciated. One good one is enough. At most times, lean on yourself. You’re your first best friend.”
“Laugh often.”
“You can laugh at small things, small mistakes, and/or small gestures.”
“Share your jokes with people who will understand, not with people who you're trying to impress.”
“When people say they laugh often together, it could indicate an easy feeling between the connection of their energies. Or it could simply indicate that there are no serious issues to discuss.”
“Recognise the type of laughter that you receive. Some people laugh when they're intensely irritated, and not necessarily because they find you amusing.”
“To my child; Thank you for the good memories, and the wise lessons that I learnt through having you in my life. I knew some things before your arrival. But I know better things today.”
“Our children are the extension of ourselves. If you didn't have the best upbringing, you now have a chance to make the life of your child much better than it was in your case. And in fulfilling that duty, you will also heal your younger self.”
“Parenthood is a lesson on its own. But the best lessons in parenting are from our children. Let's cherish them, appreciate them, and recognise their special roles in our lives. Let's love our children purely. Let's protect their innocence and develop them into being individuals who are self-assured.”
“When people or things hurt you, have some strength to continue living your life.”
“Make the best experiences out of the minimum resources that are at your disposal.”
“If they don’t apologise to you, don’t’ let it hold you from living your best life.”
“Whatever you’re reading and whatever you're planning to write, ensure that you’ll cultivate peace and empathy.”
“Sippin' on black coffee, deep in thought. Whoever came up with time just to make us dance around like monkeys, was a messed-up bastard.”
“I deserve it all, the good and the bad.”
“Being genuinely cared for by someone makes you so fearless.”
“When I accepted rejection, I realized how easy it is to be ok with some people not liking you. It's not a shame.”
“The Moon does not compete with the Sun; The Moon has its own time to shine. The Sun may be bright, but the Moon is not dim. The Sun may rule the day, but the Moon rules the night. Be like the Moon and know your worth in embracing your own light.”
“NOBODY taught me how to swim. So, I swam and followed the rivers, hoping that I'd end up in the ocean; the calm seas. To see some dolphins and the colourful fish.”
“The river that chose me was long with hard turns, blockages, and fishing traps. On some days, the river would run dry, leaving me nowhere but in the middle of hard cracks.”
“But I had a dream that was heavier than my challenges. So I continued with my journey, following the stream of the river. Hoping to reach the ocean; the calm seas.”
“Spirituality makes everything a reality. Religion is the only belief system that turns things into a delusion.”
“Once I get into my silence because of you, your existence will not matter to me when I reemerge.”
“Manipulative people use silence to hurt you deep.”
“Wise is the one who chooses happiness over wisdom.”
“Nothing is known in a minute. Nothing is known in one shot.”
“Things could be messy and clumsy the first time you try something. But with time, the mess starts to disappear.”
“In the cartography of the heart, the most meaningful connections are the landmarks that guide us home to ourselves and to each other.”
“Clear misunderstandings before they permanently damage your relationships.”
“Losing people helped me in finding my worth.”
“Just like a sculptor takes time to mould a sculpture, take your time to hone your skills too.”
“Other people could be comparing your progress to those of others. But you're in your own world and should be concerned mostly about your development. The external pressure is unnecessary.”
“Try different activities to see which skill is best suitable for your success. Without variety, you'll never truly know.”
“They say that Rome wasn't built in one day. And nothing is built in one day. Even if an action happens in one day, the planning took place in the mind days, months, or even years before.”
“It's your own pace, race, and phase.”
“Learn, build, and master.”
“Indeed, even if one masters the skill, there's always a room for advancement.”
“Be fearless.”
“Be fearless: just like a toddler who jumps out of his bed, seeking freedom or reassurance.”
“We advance in life when we let go of the fear.”
“The child is born free of fear. But it is the feelings or actions of the parents, or those around, that instil the spirit of fear in the child.”
“Touch the fire and you will burn your hands. But if you observe the density of the heat before you touch it, you will save your hands.”
“The law is, at most times, the best measure of our limitations.”
“The mind knows know limitations, but your body does.”
“Listen to good advice and kind warnings. They're for your benefit.”
“In your exploration, observe, analyse, reflect, and beware.”
“In this whole world, the wise is only the one who knows himself”
“Not every field is worth digging. Preserve your energy and time for worthwhile missions.”
“Sometimes the dangerous places are not marked. Be sure to use your senses in such situations.”
“Remain in your lane. But only in times of danger.”
“Have friends.”
“Classify your friends into groups. Classify them per their roles in your life. It will save you from investing in the wrong people.”
“Friends can be the best place for support. They can also be insightful and delightful to you.”
“Friends can be the family you never had.”
“Not all friends are worthy of your immediate attention. Remember that bad friends are still in the category of 'friends'.”
“The topic of instincts is tough to dissect. But one can gain an understanding by observing the behaviour of animals.”
“Your instincts are your gift of survival from your Creator.”
“Comfort foods, or any other habits, are good for you until they're bad.”
“The meaning of the word comfort is defined by you. What's comfortable to you may not be comfortable to the next person. Be mindful of that.”
“The arms of a trusted and safe person are the best gift for the full development of any person.”
“Not everyone who offers you some comfort is to be trusted.”
“There is a sad satisfaction in knowing that when standing up for the truth you also stand alone and against everyone else.”
“People label you bad when they forget the good you did for them.”
“Sometimes the best reward for the love you give to someone is their hatred for you.”
“Some people exchange comfort for vulnerability. It's a dangerous transaction.”
“Choose a trusted person from whom you find your comfort. There is a direct relationship between trusted comfort and peace of mind.”
“We all want to be comfortable in our lives. Our families should be the first source of that comfort.”
“The purest gift is someone who wants to give you comfort for nothing in return.”
“Comfort is not love. But love can be comfort.”
“What you lack in experience, make up for it in confidence.”
“Connect with your creative side.”
“Take a hobby. Explore your creative nature.”
“One of the best feelings on earth is having your hands build something.”
“Be open to learning new things.”
“The first step to learning new things is the realisation that we don’t know. Some get stuck on this step, and some never arrive to it. Some get to advance to the second step, which is accepting that we don't know. Thereafter, some will further advance into seeking knowledge to fill the gap. Then, some will seek understanding of that knowledge. From that group, which is usually only a few individuals, some will apply that understanding to obtain results. But the process doesn't end there. Because some will analyse those results. Then after that, some will report the results for others to gain insight. Then the cycle starts again. In the end, the question is: where are you in this process of learning?”
“Learning something doesn't guarantee that you'll retain the knowledge forever.”
“As studies have shown, there’s a difference between data, information, and knowledge. Always assess what you're gaining.”
“Be open to learning new things. That's how we grow and evolve.”
“Discernment and learning are best friends. One should never desert the other.”
“An improvement comes through openness and willingness.”
“Not all lessons are meant to help you. Some are presented to you to distract you from reaching your destiny. A shoemaker’s technical lessons are not so useful to a fruit seller.”
“Spend as much time on lessons as needed. You don't want to have any regrets.”
“Be open to share and receive lessons. It's a cycle of life.”
“Utilise the internet to gain more knowledge. At times people are busy completing their own lessons, thus unable to teach you everything that you need to know.”
“Take your time when mastering a new skill.”
“Have the courage to take risks, because if you don't, you'll never know what lies beyond your comfort zone.”
“Your past does not define your future. Learn from your mistakes, let go of what no longer serves you, and create a brighter tomorrow.”
“Keep your vision clear, stay committed to your beliefs, and always lead with integrity. The rest will fall into place.”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority, it's about earning respect.”
“People lie and deceive but energies don't.”
“Look people in their left eye. You'll get to know where you stand with them much easier.”
“Stand in the room. And stand with those who follow the truth.”
“Stand in the room. But stand against those who easily connect with the lies.”
“The room could either be empty or filled with people but always know that it's full of energy.”
“Know when to stay, and when to leave the room.”
“Some people might make you feel that you don't belong in certain spaces. The reality is that it's possible that they're the ones who don't belong there. So, when there's discomfort, don't be in a hurry to leave .”
“The rooms to explore are not limited only to the ones on planet earth. Don’t be afraid to also explore the spaces above, below, within, and beyond.”
“Listen to your instincts.”
“Children are attuned to their basic instincts. These were made to protect them in their infancy. Listen to your instincts.”
“When you find yourself assuming something, I encourage you to stop right there. Be mature enough to communicate. Make that call, send that text or email, do a video call… Do what you have to do to get clarification. Many relationships are ruined due to a lack of communication. If you genuinely care about someone, go the extra mile and communicate your thoughts and feelings. GENUINE relationships are rare and a blessing!”
“You can't defame someone who isn't worried about fame.”
“Give positivity to negative people, don't become negative like them.”
“Amidst life’s challenges, good souls stand tall like noble coconut trees, rising above the saltwater tides of existence. They flourish in the face of hardships and graciously share the delightful taste of kindness and positivity with all. They offer the refreshing fruit of resilience in sweetness juice and sweet flesh even in salt water and salt air of life.”
“To lovers out there … Social media standards destroy relationships and marriages. What you need to understand is people are not the same. Everyone has their own unique custom features, which is created by their experience that makes them behave or act different than others. Whatever you read online or anywhere might not apply to all man or women even thou it applies to Peter or Mary.”
“Todos nós somos capazes de perceber a tristeza no olhar do outro. Não permita que esta pessoa vá embora sem saber que você se importa. Caso ela não queira conversar sobre o assunto naquele momento, há outras formas para dizer que você está ali. Compre uma barra de chocolate, convide para almoçar ou jantar em um restaurante, assistam filmes divertidos ou simplesmente abrace-a sem lhe dizer uma palavra. Você não terá dito absolutamente nada, mas ela entenderá. Pois são as nossas ações que realmente importam.”
“Even the most fruitful seeds remain dormant until they are planted in good soil. To give the seeds of our dreams the best chance to come alive, our purposeful actions must speak louder than our pathetic excuses.”
“Even the most fruitful seeds remain dormant until planted in good soil. To give our dreams the best chance to blossom, our purposeful actions must speak louder than our pathetic excuses.”
“Reading is fundamental.”
“Don't enter into a relationship if you don't believe in the word "forever".”
“If you are kind to just yourself and not others then you are not a kind person.”
“To write just one line on a topic, one has to turn the pages of many books on that subject.”
“A sip of coffee is my eternity.”
“Your instincts will help you recognise any red flags. Don't let your logic win in such situations.”
“There are certain factors that can easily distort your basic instincts . Such as your health status, the people around you, or your mood swings. Therefore, be mindful of your situation before taking decisions based off on your instincts alone.”
“Not everyone is attuned to their instincts. Some choose to ignore them, while some ignore them because of trauma.”
“Mix different foods. Make your own recipes. All recipes are a discovery of a curious mind.”
“Be brave to express your raw emotions.”
“Crying, laughing, and screaming are expressions that result from felt emotions. Express yourself in the manner that is most comfortable to you.”
“Express yourself in the manner that is most comfortable to you.”
“Look for safe people to whom you show your vulnerability and rawness. Not everyone deserves that privilege.”
“It is possible that some may use your vulnerability and rawness against you. Don't worry much. Just place plan B into motion to combat their actions.”
“Remember how raw you were with your mother when you were a toddler? Now, remember the reaction that you received. Was it good, was it bad? Have you made any actions to resolve those feelings? Reflect.”
“There will come a time when being raw will be the norm. Don’t be embarrassed for being sensitive and vulnerable.”
“Be kind to other people  particularly, to those on whom your survival depends.”
“Smile. Your smile can soften even the hardest hearts.”
“Say ‘please and thank you’. It really works in getting what you want.”
“In harsh times, and as a last resort, cry yourself out. Express your desperation.”
“Use different requesting methods, even if asking for the same thing.”
“Use your sense of touch with appropriate people.”
“Reject when they offer what you don't want  and use that time as an opportunity to ask for what you really want instead.”
“Use reminders. People usually forget their promises towards you.”
“Learn the room.”
“Energies speak louder than voices. Most times they can protect you but deceive you at other times.”
“When the energy in the room doesn't feel right, probably, it's not right. But sometimes it's also because of you.”
“Clarity gives you the courage to pursue your dreams and the power to make them a reality — now is the time to get clear on what you want!”
“It takes courage to break unhealthy habits and replace them with healthier ones — stick to it, and keep moving forward with determination”
“Leadership is an ongoing journey — have courage, stay humble, and always strive to be the best version of yourself”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely!”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation.”
“Small wins lead to a big mindset shift - from 'I can't' to 'I can'. Celebrate them all.”
“Don't wait for opportunities to come knocking on your door. Create your own and make things happen.”
“Leadership is not just about achieving success for yourself, it's about helping others achieve success as well.”
“Make time to reflect on the impact that your habits have on yourself and others— then adjust accordingly when needed!”
“If you remember only bad and not any good, then the problem is with you.”
“You manipulate yourself when you refuse to believe the truth.”
“Life is not about finding someone beautiful, it is about finding someone who makes your life beautiful.”
“Only a pure heart can understand pure love.”
“You'll never be alone in tough times, if you are genuinely a good-hearted person.”
“Lies are like dust, they cloud the air, go up and disappear. The truth is like a diamond, it shines bright and clear.”
“Love isn't a habit. Love is a feeling.”
“The bad you see in others is nothing but a reflection of your poor vision.”
“Choose any sport or entertainment that stimulates your mind and body. At least, commit to one.”
“Don't play to compete. Play to have fun.”
“If it's giving you stress, it's not the right game for you.”
“Play often. Play regularly. But never play all the time.”
“Some games require a certain skill. Never shy away from acquiring it if you find the game worthwhile.”
“Some plays are best shared with others, while some are best enjoyed alone.”
“Your family members will not always be around to play with you. Have other external trusted parties.”
“Have a variety of games in which you engage. Variety sharpens your cognitive skills.”
“Don’t be shy to play alone when others refuse to play with you or aren’t available due to other commitments.”
“Public places are for everyone to enjoy. Never allow a bully to infringe upon your right to use.”
“People use you because you are useful. Nobody uses a useless person.”
“Nobody can give you confidence, and nobody can take it from you.”
“Be aware of Fake news and rumours. Fake news and rumours are the driving force in communal violence, exacerbating the situation. It is important to note that spreading fake news and rumors can have serious consequences and may lead to violence and unrest. Before sharing any news or information with others, It is necessary to check its authenticity.”
“Eating is important for your survival. But eating as a passion is a matter of a choice.”
“Eat healthy foods. A healthy diet eliminates the expenses of doctor visits and the gym.”
“Eat different types of foods. Variety is the best in everything.”
“Do not shy away from eating alone. Even going to a restaurant alone is ideal.”
“Do not shy away from snacking in-between the meals. If it's healthy snacks, the body will thank you.”
“Drink lots of healthy liquids. Water remains the best option.”
“Eat according to your personal rhythm. Don't hurry or slower yourself down to match others.”
“Try foods from other cultures too. Food gets you closer into knowing other people.”
“Eat with your hands. Eat with cutlery. Eat with chopsticks. As you wish.”
“The darker the night, the more delightful the dawn. So, when the journey to your big goal gets tough and your heart is weary; a blissful breakthrough is on the way, as long as you keep pressing forward.”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“The greatest sin is to say “I am innocent”
“Sometimes, you realise that you are needed, but not wanted.”
“An honest enemy is better than a fake friend.”
“Destiny ,you shuffled the cards ,we’re just players .”
“It doesn't matter how much pressure to change the shape, gold always gold.”
“When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.”
“Only by traveling far can one know one's true companions. Only by being very close can one know true identity of one's loved ones.”
“don't let the darkness overcome your kindness”
“Why do you occupy your mind about me, because I am about me? Do not concern me. Relax yourself by interfering in the affairs of others”
“Designative as destruction, cutting time creatively impulsively, there is no equal in the perspective of art, there is no cleanliness in precision.”
“Conversation with a Butterfly: You see one day I was sitting on the porch all to myself, Contemplating on what to do, I had no money, no wealth, That's when I saw a butterfly come down from the sky, With wings so beautiful, so pleasant to the eye, I wanted to touch them, but I thought twice, I knew my fingerprint alone could create just a slight, Unevenness in her weight, which would surely affect her flight, I told the butterfly that she was lovely and brought me some cheer, But it would soon leave when she disappeared, You see I wish I could soar, and have wings such as yours, I wish I could be as wealthy as she is beautiful and so much more, The butterfly just looked with a tear in her eye, I wasn't always this beautiful and I am at the end of my life, This is just the reward of a long struggle, I never gave up and now I am humble, I never complained about where God placed me, You see he gave me struggles and doors placed just for me, I knew that I couldn't have what others had so I focused on my own, I never gave up and now others envy me alone, Not knowing what I had to go through for the finished product, I just hung true to my faith and that for me was enough, So don't get stuck in my life because you don't know it, Work your process and the end result will show it, That you and I are the same, See you are a butterfly, just by a different name,”
“The support of others can get you to the top, but you still you have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.”
“The support of others can get you to the top, but you still have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.”
“poetry is a magnet to attract all the broken hearts”
“All I am fighting for everyday is to make up for the time I had lost. Use your time wisely.”
“Seek the solution for a problem, not the problem again”
“When we begin to live like wildflowers, we put so much of our hearts into blossoming even in the most hostile surroundings.”
“The more you focus on others' flaws, the more you lose sight of your own strengths.The more you focus on your own strengths, the more likely you are to inspire others to do the same.”
“Nothing expresses pain better than the eyes.”
“Intentions matter more than actions.”
“Some choose to influence change, and some choose to be influenced by change. You choose which one are you.”
“Your apology doesn't stop someone from leaving you.”
“Don’t expect people to be kind to you after being cruel to them.”
“To lovers out there … You are as important as your partner wants you to be to them. There is a huge difference between being important out there and being important to someone.”
“A rich person who hates the poor should not forget that they are the creations of same creator who made him rich.”
“Learning to be happy in the face of unfulfilled dreams is a part of life. But when your refuge is the One with the proven track record of meeting every need at the right time, life is a joyful existence of making the best of every situation.”
“Why should art only come from human beings?”
“Care by some people feels like a condition.”
“Time corrupts. And we pay a price for everything corruptible: food, roof beams, souls.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation!”
“Take responsibility for your actions and strive to become even better every day — this is the key to lasting success!”
“Life is a multi-generational relay game. Each generation reaps the fruits of the sacrifices or excuses of the generations before it. And one life well lived can be a legacy of pleasure passed on for generations.”
“A second chance is the last warning.”
“Love either makes you a peaceful person or makes you go mad.”
“Success belongs to those who dream big and focus on what matters most.”
“Simplify your goals, focus on the top three, demolish the main obstacle, and stay fiercely determined.”
“Don't wait for success to find you; instead, identify the skills and knowledge you need to achieve your dreams. Pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you exceed your wildest expectations.”
“Your fear of losing someone will make you lose that person sooner.”
“Surrendering is better than suffering.”
“Calmness is not weakness, it is a sign of maturity and wisdom. Strongness is not arrogance, it is a sign of courage and passion.”
“Luckily,Mum,there aren't any nice young ladies in my life so that's not really a problem.”
“Even in your worst moments, try not to become worse.”
“Humanity wears the cloak of being rational and civilized. It is a sneering veneer developed, built and used to cope with the brutality of others’ agendas. But this is the cycle that destroys. It is a wheel that never stops turning once you get on it. To break this type of wheel—good intention, follow through and deep pauses are the tools of the crucibles in which we must testify against the norms created in this world. The first step is to speak up in the language or the voice that is your given right.”
“When you accept someone's silence as their answer, you stop expecting anything from them.”
“Start correcting others only after you have fully corrected yourself.”
“You'll never run out of time if you stop competing with time.”
“Hiding the bitter truth from someone you care about hurts more than telling them the truth.”
“There are beautiful flowers by the lake. But there are landmines and cluster munition remnants too. We've to be cautious. We live in a very uncertain world.”
“To me, all research is exploring the universe, understanding it deeper, one finding at a time.”
“In an intense world to exist subtly, for what is life, but a leaf in the wind.”
“time's stride, so uneven, some days endless, and others, like the blink of an eye.”
“Photography is the play of light, the dance of shadows, the song of exposure, and the story of the moment.”
“Put your efforts only where they are valued.”
“Those who hate you will obviously not speak nice things about you.”
“Growth happens when you don't surrender to the pain.”
“To lovers out there … A hurting relationship is a relationship that one is 100 percent fully concentrating on another person, and a good working relationship is a relationship that is 50/50. 50 is concentrating on another person and another 50 is concentrating on yourself.”
“Trust the soul above all things, for it is made by the Divine hand and woven with threads of truth, eternity, and light.”
“To hand over the power to control your life to someone who scares you is to lose yourself in the dark. Only by facing your fear can you find your light.”
“The more we observe nature, the more there is the possibility of seeing things we've never seen before.”
“Sometimes you lose everything for your love, and then you lose that love too.”
“Life is full of problems. Life is full of solutions as well.”
“To lovers out there …. Until you date someone who loves you. You will always give and get nothing In return. Giving your time, efforts, sacrifice, money, love, care , respect, peace, kindness, help, understanding, support and giving yourself.”
“Haters, witches and wizards are always concern. They publicly act like they are concern or worried as if they really care. but what they are really doing is hating on another person and trying their best to destroy that persons life. They are very good in spreading misinformation and manipulating people.”
“Live life on your terms, make decisions based on facts and not on opinions, and blaze your own path.”
“Life can feel unpredictable and overwhelming, but staying mindful can put you in the driver's seat.”
“Successful people don't let fear paralyze them. They feel it, acknowledge it, and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.”
“Change your perspective on influence – it is a tool that can be used to build meaningful relationships, move conversations in new directions, and bring out the best in people.”
“Success begins with action – turn your thoughts into reality and make your dreams come true by putting plans into motion!”
“Invest in yourself and make progress – use small steps to move towards bigger goals.”
“Action-oriented thinking leads to lasting change - set yourself up for success by committing to executing your plans with purpose.”
“The power of influence lies within each person, allowing them to build something beautiful and impactful when harnessed correctly.”
“Confidence isn't a destination — it's a journey, and you have the power to decide which path to take.”
“Being a high performer is like being an elite race car, speeding past the competition with ease. But even the best cars need to make pit stops to recharge and refuel. Take the time to rest, re-energize, and focus on self-care, for it's these moments of rejuvenation that will give you the strength to cross the finish line and win the race.”
“Taking care of your mental health empowers you to take on any challenge that comes your way - no matter how unexpected.”
“It only takes one step towards a dream for possibilities to open up — stay focused on that goal no matter what gets in your way!”
“Find your flow, trust in yourself, and let your passion guide you towards the life you've always dreamed of.”
“We’re all on our own journey, so never forget to love yourself enough and make every moment count.”
“Own your power, take action toward your goals, and watch them become a reality.”
“Feeling overwhelmed? Take action. By breaking tasks into manageable steps, you can conquer overwhelm and achieve your goals.”
“Don't underestimate the power of seemingly insignificant wins - they have the potential to shift everything.”
“The path to success is paved with hard work, persistence, and a willingness to take action.”
“Productivity is about focusing on what truly matters and taking inspired action toward your definition of success.”
“Remember to prioritize self-care and rest, as they are essential components of success. By taking time to refuel, you'll be able to perform better and reach your goals faster.”
“Embrace your desires and strive for greatness, but do so with grace and ease. Be kind to yourself, and understand that setbacks are a natural part of any journey.”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“Dream big, act bigger — don't let challenges or failures stop you from realizing your ambitions!”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“I have no more fight left, the will to keep going has been extinguished and I am ready to throw in the towel. Nothing matters anymore, my heart is hollow and i see no hope for a better tomorrow. There's nothing that can lighten this heavy burden of despair - it is all too much, and it feels as if there is no end in sight.”
“You need to have a loving heart to understand the suffering of the heart of others.”
“Assuming something is the illusion of knowing the truth.”
“Identify your top three goals and demolish the number one obstacle. Stay laser-focused and fiercely determined on your objective, and success will be yours for the taking.”
“Whether you want to double down on previous successes, address significant challenges, or embark on new endeavors, identify your top three goals.”
“Don’t wait for success to find you. Identify the skills and knowledge you need, pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you surpass your wildest dreams.”
“Don’t let unfinished business weigh you down. Finish what you started and unlock the door to limitless possibilities.”
“Reflect on the impact you make each day. Ask yourself, if someone replaced you today, what would they bring? Strive for excellence, build your skills, and own your success.”
“Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.”
“Transform your life, one habit at a time. Develop daily practices that align with your goals, stay consistent, and become unstoppable.”
“Obstacles are opportunities in disguise. Stay motivated, stay productive, and hold yourself accountable for your success. With every challenge, you grow stronger and closer to your goals.”
“You are not fooling me. You are losing me.”
“The reason some people don't value you is because nobody values them.”
“Swedish ”
“Swedish society is mentally Sick. They need to burn their hypocrisy, selfishness, ego, and their radical intolerance mindset rather than quran”
“They might pay you to vote for them, but having a wrong government in place. You pay it with your life.”
“Don't let rejection dim your light. Shine so bright that those who rejected you regret their blindness.”
“You destroy your peace by loving the wrong person.”
“If a man has everything money can buy, yet woos you—with the complexity of a rose, the subtlety of poetry and prose in a letter, the fluidity of conversations, the motion of art, thoughtfulness in creativity, the currency of time or his consistent hand in yours—just because he values your smile and the way your eyes light up, keep him. Keep him forever and a day.”
“Find me in the waiting, in all the ways I see you that no eye could ever behold. Find me in the waiting, in all the ways I hear you that no ear could ever hope to be heard. You find me in the waiting, in all the ways I love you in the light and that no other heart could ever love me in the dark.”
“This life was never meant to be permanent. It is an opportunity to grow and be yourself so I hope you don’t continue to exist like its spectator. Live. Dream. Hurt. Forgive. Heal. Evolve. Try.”
“Intentions are often hidden inside patterns of behavior. Time is a good indicator of patterns.”
“When self-preservation is not applied with discernment, it becomes the Devil’s tool or we can choose to take a chance on people after applying the lessons taught by Adversity’s storms. Let our triggers teach us.”
“Unavoidable pain for inevitable gain is supporting the preparation of the soul to love another in completeness of mind, body and heart by acknowledging that its process of transformation will not be unmarked by thorns.”
“Emotional availability is a must have ingredient for anything significant to grow and become. It requires a great deal of presence.”
“Experience is a harsh teacher but its lessons get tattooed into scars under our skin. Adversity is a master at disguises.”
“Spend your money where you are appreciated.”
“If you are complaining about the maximum amount of tweets allowed per day, now at 300  the problem might be with you, your messaging, marketing and what ever you are promoting; not Twitter.”
“Hope is never constant. It will come and go. But a hopeful person will figure out a way to be hopeful again.”
“With experience, you start responding better to life troubles.”
“I put on my summer clothes and feel the summer slip inside me.”
“There is the elixir of life in the gentle summer breeze. The more it caresses me, the more alive I feel.”
“I loved you for your strengths. I loved you more for your weaknesses, and I had no expectations for you to change for me. But how could I be ok with you constantly trying to change me?”
“We are all in the stars, but some of us are fixing the sky for us to be in stars.”
“You know, we all talk about faith and how having faith can make us go on. But there is something that makes our faith weak. It's the doubt in our heads. Doubt is the biggest enemy of the faith. In fact faith ends when doubt begins.”
“People talk a lot about having self-love, caring just for yourself, and ensuring you are happy ultimately because everyone is selfish. Sadly the term self-love, my life, and my rules have become a justification for people to use others and then cut off with them in the name of self-love.”
“Your behavior will be reflected in your eyes.”
“To lovers out there … One day we must break away from the myths that if you single and not dating. It means you are well mannered , raised well and you are a good person. If you’re dating then you are ratchet, wild, fast forward and you like things. Most people who are not dating is not by choice but is by circumstance . Some are not dating because they can’t find right partners. Some are in the closet. Some they fear to be heart broken, pregnancy ,commitment, to be burden. Some are busy don’t have time. Some don’t have money. Dating doesn’t make people hoes. Not dating it doesn’t make people saints either.  We should stop bad mouthing, slandering, name calling, slut shamming people who are trying their best to find right partners or to find love. Especial when we can’t do what they are doing because of our fears, even thou we also want what they want. To be loved .”
“Illegal immigrants are good for political parties because they vote for them. They also increase their number count in a party. They are good for business because they provide cheap labor. They are good for bad people because they are used as hitman since they can't be traced because they are not in the system. They are good for the above things but are bad for everyone and everything else. They are bad for any other country . You can’t have people you don’t know living in your country and you don’t even know where they come from and what are they capable of .”
“Gratitude shields you from the calamity of greed. When you are grateful for all that is meaningful in your life, your heart is guided not to covet all that is attractive but superfluous that is not in your life.”
“It's not an act of kindness if you think of it as a favor to someone.”
“Forgiving once is ok, but don't forgive someone who betrayed you twice. Don't create space for more betrayal. Don’t let love make you look like a fool. Love is sacred and strong, not so weak.”
“The creative flow is ever-present. If you don’t feel it, breathe walk meditate— smile at the universe, and it will smile back.”
“Boost your productivity by focusing on the tasks that truly matter, working with intentionality and purpose, and continuously seeking new ways to optimize your workflow.”
“Streamlining decision-making is not about sacrificing quality for speed, but rather finding a balance between thoughtful analysis and timely action to drive progress and success.”
“Aligning your goals with your lifestyle is the foundation for living a life that feels both intentional and fulfilling.”
“Look, what we’ve done to the water, to the land, and the air. We should be ashamed but we aren’t. It seems we’re not what the Earth needs now.”
“When care comes with conditions, it's not care.”
“Loving is easy. Staying in love is challenging. Unloving is really difficult.”
“My favorite thing to do is to make things come into existence. whether it's a book, an idea, or an invention”
“Pick up the broken pieces of your heart or they will be crushed.”
“Those who can't have you, start hating you.”
“To leave a place where you are not needed is self-help.”
“The happiness of heart when someone genuinely cares for you is one of the best feelings.”
“Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“It's not the communication but the lack of it that hurts a relationship.”
“Every step I took away from you took me closer to my better version.”
“When you love someone the way they are. You make them feel beautiful about who they are.”
“To lovers out there … Why would you want to keep or to control someone, especially your partner. People who are in a relationship should stay because they want to and should have a free will to say and do anything they want. It is dangerous and it ends badly forcing someone to do something they don’t want.”
“Every situation holds the possibility of a miracle. And for those who seek refuge in the One who shows His greatness in ways that the human intellect often can’t grasp, there is never a shortage of miracles to behold.”
“Dar dacă te temi de viitor este pentru că nu ştii să construieşti prezentul, când nu ştii să construieşti prezentul, te amăgeşti că vei putea să o faci mâine şi te-ai dus pe copcă, fiindcă mâine sfârşeşte întotdeauna prin a deveni astăzi, nu-i aşa?”
“Dar dacă, în universul nostru, există posibilitatea de a deveni ceea ce încă nu suntem  voi şti oare s-o detectez şi să fac din viaţa mea o altă grădină decât cea a strămoşilor mei?”
“Poate că asta înseamnă a fi în viaţă: a urmări clipe care mor.”
“..poate că asta este viaţa: multă disperare, dar şi câteva momente de frumuseţe în care timpul nu mai este acelaşi.”
“Right choices create right conditions for one’s destiny to activate and bloom. Sometimes the life you want is just waiting for you to start doing certain things you’ve never done before or stop doing certain things you’ve always done.”
“To find something new, you have to leave something old.”
“Your life partner isn't your partner if they believe you are inferior to them.”
“Japanese Proverb ,Life without endeavor is like entering a jewel mine and coming out with empty hands,”
“Silence can lead to a lot of assumptions.”
“A friend who is angry at you isn't your enemy.”
“There is a definite time, a definite term, for everything. Possibilities for everything exist only for a definite time. Gurdjieff”
“Pretending to be happy will make you more sad.”
“Lies don't kill the truth. It hides it.”
“Tuhan slalu dekat, bahkan disaat aku khianat.”
“Happiness is knowing God.”
“It is ok to hate your father, but it is not ok to hate every father. It is not every man fault that you father left you or couldn’t be there for you. It is not every mans fault that your father was not or is not a good man. Let those man who are good fathers be celebrated, honored, cherished and loved, without making them feel like we are doing a favor and they don’t deserve to be celebrated. Let’s not take away their hard work, love , dedication, care and sacrifice. Let’s not make all their work be tainted by men who failed to show up. To every man who is a father or who is doing father duties. Happy Fathers Day King and Long live the King.”
“Accepting mistakes and yet repeating them is worse than making mistakes.”
“It's easy to lie. It's hard to cover it up.”
“In everything, You must do what is right for you , because those you thought they care. Might be the ones indirectly fighting you .The ones who are plotting against you and the ones who are setting you up for failure. Most people if not all don’t really care if they are not benefiting from you.”
“I used to think getting to know you would make me fall more in love with you. I had no idea you would turn out to be completely different from what you portrayed. You know what I liked you better when I didn't know you.”
“Most people are who they are because of fear. They had changed their character, personality and their being because they fear something or someone.”
“Being a leader is not easy. It's a delicate balance between humility and self-confidence. It takes immense courage to lead others but also requires an honest awareness of our own limitations.”
“It's easy to sit on the sidelines and analyze different strategies, but true growth comes from taking action.”
“Courage is the key that unlocks the door to new possibilities.”
“Indecision breeds doubt, but decisive action fuels confidence.”
“Focus on what really matters and watch as the fog clears. Opportunities will appear where you least expect them.”
“Embrace the unknown, take bold steps forward, and discover the limitless potential that lies within you.”
“As a man begins his journey towards financial freedom, he may find himself without money unable to get many of the things that were once free to him.”
“We often want the people we love to value us. It becomes a struggle to make someone understand the efforts we make for them. Every time we get hurt, we forgive them and hope that someday, they will value us. But the fact is, if people who love you don't value you, then they don't love you.”
“We all claim that we don't lie. Isn't it? But that's the biggest lie. The truth is we all lie in life. Some people lie to protect their life. Some people lie to protect others. I also lied to protect someone, and what followed was a suffocation of hiding something from someone who meant a lot to me. Trust me, the sooner you learn, the better it is for you that even if your intentions are good, it is still a lie. So be a little selfish, don't think about anyone. Just think about yourself, and you'll never have to make stories to cover your lie.”
“Don't underestimate the power of positive vibes & positive affirmations! They help sustain success & motivation.”
“Find ways to reduce stress as much as possible so that you can stay in the flow.”
“Success isn't about sacrificing your values, but aligning your actions with what you believe in. When you stay true to yourself, success comes naturally.”
“Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself and working hard.”
“Don't just live the day, own it! Take charge of your time and make every moment count.”
“Success is not dependent on luck - it starts with personal leadership and the power of intention.”
“Being busy is easy, but being productive takes intention.”
“Don't confuse busyness with productivity. One leaves you exhausted, the other fulfilled.”
“Achieving goals doesn't have to be hard - be gentle with yourself, focus on progress, not perfection, and keep the faith.”
“The secret to success? Replace stress with ease, take consistent action toward your goal, and enjoy the ride!”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority; it's about earning respect.”
“Busy bees make honey, but productive bees make a hive. Don't just buzz around; create something that lasts.”
“Overlove can over the love.”
“I am more well known for quotes than books.”
“You got betrayed because love turned you blind.”
“Love is a feeling, yet it feels beautiful to hear that we are loved.”
“(Quote in Hindi) इंसान किसी से मिले दर्द को झेल कर भी जीवन में फूल की तरह खिल सकता है क्योंकि वो उस दर्द को समझता है, लेकिन इंसान द्वारा किसी को दिए गए दर्द का नतीजा उसकी जिंदगी को पत्ते की तरह मुरझा देता है क्योंकि वो उसके द्वारा दिए गए दर्द को समझता ही नहीं चाहता है I”
“Never take that person back in life who left you.”
“Be careful that the small things you say they don’t matter don’t destroy you. Most of Microwave appliance are destroyed and not working today because of cockroaches.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“The weight of sorrows in life is heavier than many joys of life, but still the man who wants to live his life to the fullest, bears the pain silently with a smiling face to lighten up his life in the struggle to reach every higher level for his betterment.”
“Don't let the dark side of human nature makes it difficult for you to TRUST, LOVE AND CARE. Because when you lose all these feelings, you become dead even to yourself.”
“Our definition of a beautiful life may be different. Yours may be to go into a store and get all the things you like. Mine may be to wake up every day with my legs and hands intact. No matter how you see the beauty of your life, never underrate how others see theirs.”
“Those who forgive without receiving an apology are the strongest. It shows how well they can be in control of their emotions without their emotions controlling them.”
“Put your trust in God and allow Him to manifest it through man. Don't rush the process. Because the person you think will favour you, may not be the one God has prepared to favour you.”
“You don't have a good bond with yourself if you feel lonely when you are alone.”
“Things break when you hold them too tight.”
“To look at the past with pride is a luxury not many people have.”
“Not apologizing after making a mistake is twice a mistake.”
“Dar dacă te temi de viitor este pentru că nu ştii să construieşti prezentul, când nu ştii să construieşti prezentul, te amăgeşti că vei putea să o faci mâine şi te-ai dus pe copcă, fiindcă mâine sfârşeşte întotdeauna prin a deveni astăzi, nu-i aşa?" - Muriel Barbery (Eleganţa ariciului)”
“Sometimes life isn't about trying too hard. It is about accepting things as they are.”
“If you don't know how to express your feelings, learn it. Don't use this as an excuse to avoid talking to people.”
“You regret doing some things but you also regret not doing some things.”
“When you love someone too much, you become destructive to them.”
“Lost trust or time can never be regained in life, but caring trust or time will never let you regret in life.”
“Reading well is one of the great pleasures that solitude can afford you, because it is, at least in my experience, the most healing of pleasures.”
“Man has less than he suspects of: time, friends, hopes, qualities. Idries Shah - Caravan of Dreams”
“Rather beg than steal.”
“When you cheat on me, you don't disgrace me, you disgrace yourself and show your character.”
“You owe no one explanation of what you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“You owe no one explanation of why you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“The bigger the risk, the bigger the prize is how life works in lots of situations. And when we show intelligent bravery in the face of a risk worth taking, the prize is often bigger than we can ever imagine.”
“Your decisions are not yours, if the acceptance of another person affects them.”
“Not accepting your flaws is your biggest flaw.”
“To my African brother and sisters. If you manage to go overseas or to other countries. When you get there .Please don’t ruin it for other Africans . Don’t say or do things that will make other Africans not be allowed . Don’t be a curse to other Africans and don’t let other African be cursed because of you.”
“Love blindly but never trust blindly. Give a second chance but never another chance after that. Forgive people but never let them hurt you again.”
“Stress can make even the most loving mother lose control.”
“‎Be Your Best Self · ‎Self Actualisation by Vip Bioz”
“If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron by Vip Bioz”
“If you let someone disrespect you, you don't respect yourself.”
“Never assume someone loves you until they don't tell you.”
“To lovers out there …. A relationship should bring the best In you. If the relationship brings the worse In you then that relationship is not for you. If it makes you want to do bad things, start thinking bad things or harmful things, desiring to do bad things on others. If it makes you want to do the very same things, you complain about saying they are wrong. Know you are in a bad or toxic relationship .”
“With every bad mistake comes pains and lessons. And the willpower to push again for success is not in getting bitter for the pains, it is in getting better for the lessons.”
“Forgive those who deserve it, not just those your heart desires.”
“Respect can't be a substitute for love in a relationship.”
“Some people lie to save others. Some people lie to save themselves.”
“If I have to work too hard to please you and be with you, then I don't want you.”
“Setting boundaries is not about building walls but creating space for growth.”
“When you're ready to start taking ownership of your future, amazing things can happen.”
“Focus on yourself first before trying to please others - success starts from within!”
“Remember, what others say or do is a reflection of their own internal experience, not yours. Their opinion doesn't have to be your truth.”
“Remember, it's not always about big changes but instead small steps done with confidence and consistency that will get you to where you want to go.”
“Focus sharpens the mind, paving the way to success.”
“Don't worry about drastic changes because it's the small habits you do consistently that will have a lasting impact on your life!”
“Don't forget who you are and what you stand for - you are the boss of your life, and no one can cross your boundaries unless you let them.”
“It's easy to get fooled by the noise - don't let it distract you from your truth and what's right for YOU.”
“Listen to your gut, trust your instincts, and be brave - the universe has something special in store for you!”
“Your words carry strength, your ideas have value, and your presence has an impact. Don’t be afraid to speak up and share who you are with the world.”
“Life is too short to be defined by others' opinions of you. It's time to put your happiness first and show the world that YOU are enough.”
“Having a clear vision leads to greater self-awareness — use it as a guide to empower yourself and pave the way for success!”
“Don't let the thing you fear most control your life! Remember, your fear of it is only an illusion - if you choose to confront it, you can break free from its power.”
“Own your flaws, and don't let anyone else make you feel inferior. Recognize your awesomeness and set a powerful example for those around you!”
“High achievers need to realize that no matter how much you prepare, setbacks are inevitable - but it's only by learning from these failures that we can achieve true success.”
“You're capable of pushing boundaries, taking risks, and looking beyond external validation. Dare to step into uncharted waters and be brave enough to realize the extraordinary potential within you!”
“Time keeps ticking, but chances of success don’t have to pass you by. Take a leap of courage and put your best foot forward - because it is undeniably harder to fail than to never have tried.”
“Clarity is not just a state of mind, it's a force of nature that drives you towards your goals with unwavering focus and purpose. Embrace it, harness it, and let it propel you to your next level.”
“Inspiration is direction - find clarity, take action, and move forward fearlessly.”
“Success requires a perfect blend of mindset and strategy.”
“Leadership is not the absence of doubt but the courage to take risks and embrace ambiguity.”
“Embrace failure and use it as a chance to become even more courageous and powerful!”
“Growth comes from pushing yourself and taking risks - stand firm in your resolve, and accept the journey with grace.”
“Every journey begins with a single step – stop waiting and start taking action TODAY.”
“Success comes when you pair dreaming with doing – don't get lost in thought without putting in the work to make your dreams a reality.”
“The power is yours if you seize it – make sure each move you take moves you closer to your goals.”
“No matter how complicated life may seem, clarity will help you find the path forward — it starts with trusting yourself!”
“Dreams require discipline, dedication, and effort to become reality – embrace the challenge of execution and unlock potential like never before!”
“Set intentions and act on them – be deliberate and persistent in order to accomplish your goals!”
“Stop caring for those who think caring is your weakness.”
“Without sadness, happiness wouldn't make you happy.”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“You are appreciated how you end, no one focuses how you started.”
“The most improper job of any man is bossing other men. Not one in a million is fit for it, and least of all those who seek the opportunity.”
“A hundred men lived inside him, somehow managed to absorb all the contradictions, reincarnated many personalities, committed more crimes against himself, used dozens of names, and lost his name in the crowd. He was struck by chaos, polished by randomly, wrestled with him and wrestled with it, wrestled with it until he tamed it, and he became its brother, friend, and son.”
“The events of this novel are real, or perhaps not  It is up to the interpretation of the meaning of the truth for you, or what will it be…”
“I appreciate your valuable time. Believe me, I am the best to know. That is why I was careful that this was not just a classic, casual novel for fun while you are drinking your morning cup of coffee. Perhaps by it, I want to stir up that madness within you, who you have always been told, would be the cause of your ostracism, and your expulsion, out of the herd.”
“To all those who are introverted, loner strangers of their societies, to all the madmen, in the eyes of those around them, you are the ones who make the difference.”
“And every time she grabbed her brush and started doing things on the canvas, he felt her telling the story of his life, he just always did things, he did not know why and what would result be, but he just wanted to do them. His motto when things come down is, go with the wind, let it take you where it wants to go.”
“Have you ever read a story that jumps into the past, present, and future, breaking the traditional view of time as a straight line or as waves flowing from the past into the future, or as a one-way river? Time is like this, not a river, nor waves, nor a straight line.”
“All these possibilities and all this electronic war between hackers and information security experts, and superpowers, and we are still talking about the range of numbers, letters, and symbols on your computer or phone keyboard only. Well, what about the reasons in this world, for which the flutter of a single butterfly or the twinkling of one person’s eye, the movement of your finger, a word out of your mouth, the kick of a donkey, the leap of a rabbit, a dying star, a solar explosion, a meteor colliding with another one million light-years away, all of them, a staggering number of which we don't know about, all of them interfering, and affecting each other and the entire world. We can't even count them, let alone raise them to a particular power or count the probabilities of them intermingling with each other. But if you could somehow count all the causes in the universe, then figure out the possibilities by the order they occurred and you had the tools to change their order and manipulate them, then I have to say congratulation for being the number one opponent of chaos, but I do not recommend provoking it. We are just beginning to be in mystery, and maybe what it is hiding is even greater.”
“Sitting with Christine, thinking about the chaos in her eyes, his emotional chaos, plotting to lure her out for a weekend of love, he wished in a chaotic, physical logic," I wish I could count the number of causes and their probabilities that affect your feelings about me and that will determine what kind of answer I get if I ask you out for a date." -What? What is that you just said? (An internal voice). By knowing the causes and the probabilities of the order in which they occur, you predict emotions Is that possible? Can we treat human emotions like the weather? Are there sensors to measure our emotions across time points in our history from which we can predict our future actions and their impact on us and others? Is there a computer with enormous capacity that can collect, analyze, and predict them? Do human emotions fall within this randomness? Throughout their history, physicists have rejected the idea of a relationship between human emotions and the surrounding world. Emotions are incomprehensible, they cannot be expected, what cannot be expected cannot be measured, what cannot be measured cannot be formulated into equations, and what cannot be formulated into equations, screw it, reject it, get rid of it, it is not part of this world. These ideas were acceptable to physicists in the past before we knew that we can control the effect of randomness to some extent through control sciences, and predict it by collecting a huge amount of data through special sensors and analyzing it.”
“All these civilizations, some of which we are still unable to decipher many of their codes, such as the Pharaonic civilization that refused to deal with zero! We see them as smart enough to build the pyramids with their miraculous geometry and to calculate the orbits of stars and planets with extreme accuracy, but they are very stupid for not defining zero in a way that they can deal with, and use it in arithmetic operations, how strange this really is! But in fact, they did not ignore it, but gave it its true value, and refused to build their civilizations on an unknown and unknown illusion, and on a wrong arithmetical frame of reference. Throughout their history, humans have looked at zero as the unknown, they refused to define it and include it in their calculations and equations, not because it has no effect, but because its true effect is unknown, and remaining unknown is better than giving it a false effect.”
“-What is deafness? -A defect in the ear, due to which the mind does not receive any information about sounds. -But sometimes the mind simply decides to ignore sounds despite receiving data. When it is engaged in something, for example, sleeping, our minds often receive sounds and decide to ignore them, just like that, even though there is no hearing impairment. Sight, touch, taste, smell, the mind can ignore its input if it so desires. He looked directly into his eyes, and advanced towards him a little, he said in a tone of ambiguity: But what if we already have this appropriate sense, Ruslan, but our minds interpret their data at will. Or decided to ignore it completely for some reason. And what is this sense? Let's agree to call it zero sense. The sense through which we can receive the data of the original color of the apple.”
“Leaving you was the hardest but the best decision I ever took.”
“It's better to not talk to some people rather than forcing them to talk.”
“Build yourself a life or a career where you can afford to sleep peaceful at night.”
“The city was in ruins. It had merely been months since its fall and it already looked like a century year old abandoned settlement. Steel skyscrapers and buildings once covered in suspended organic gardens and fountains were riddled with black poisonous vines. Fountains which once harboured blue waters were soiled with rotten bodies, bones and toxic moss. The streets were a cemetery of vehicles and skeletons, a graveyard of metal and bone.”
“He hated himself for taking such a useless risk, for such a desire to save her. It was entirely unlike him. There was no reason to jeopardise the integrity of the mission for one soldier. No reason for Sterling to treat Elizabeth differently than any other. Yet there he was, clawing through the smoke to get to her.”
“She haunted his soul in ways he couldn’t control or explain. She was a poison with no antidote. Sterling had never let impulses overcloud responsibility, and now he had no idea how to handle the inexplicable boiling wrath he felt while seeing her powerless and at the mercy of others. It made him want to burn the whole room and everyone inside. It made feral to see her cuffed to that table - the one he’d purposely stuck her on - dangled like bait for people like Zimmermann to bite on.”
“If you don't know how to appreciate people in your life, then you don't know how to be thankful and value this life.”
“Every emotionless person once had too many emotions in their heart.”
“Some of the things are not as bad as they say, but they might be bad to you, because they are taking all your time and depriving you In what you would have become.”
“Embrace feedback, learn from experiences, and evolve. Our journey to success is a continuous one!”
“Small wins lead to big victories! Let's celebrate each milestone on our journey to success.”
“Physical distance is better than the emotional distance in relationships.”
“Relationships shouldn't feel like a suffocating cage.”
“When I close my eyes, I see more. And in my silence, I hear myself more. Well, it’s all right, as I understand more.”
“I’ve never seen anything as bright as the rays of kindness.”
“When man takes a good look and understands that everyone is engaged only in their own welfare, then he alone well starts engaging himself with full of interest to take his life to a higher and better level.”
“A true friendship provides not only an ally, but also an adversary when needed, and it's in the crucible of such betrayals that the strength of the bond is truly tested.”
“Leading with vulnerability is tough, but it’s essential to establishing a strong team dynamic.”
“everyone always underestimates the idiot" Jest from Heartless”
“Staying successful is more perilous than becoming successful. And true failure is sometimes not when a person fails to achieve a dream, it is when they achieve it, only for their ego to foolishly ruin it for them.”
“A no from someone is the way to a yes for something better in your life.”
“If you are unhappy after moving on, then you haven't moved on.”
“You need to compete for success. There are somethings that doesn't come naturally unless it's hereditary and success is one of them.”
“One cannot live a happy life without forgetting the person who has forgotten him.”
“Mother is a walking miracle at your home!”
“Life is too short to live!”
“Don't be in a relationship where you're more unhappy than happy.”
“Not all apologies are out of respect for someone. Some apologies come out of fear too.”
“One thing you need to understand is that holding a position in any area of your life is not a definition of success but an opportunity. An opportunity is a gateway to success but not the same as success. Whenever you meet yourself in any position, learn how to turn opportunity to success.”
“No matter how small, every life has a soul.”
“We are living In dangerous times. We are surrounded by dangerous people. We work with dangerous people. We have dangerous friends. We are in a relationship with dangerous people. Everything happening around us is a risk. We are not safe anywhere . We need protection from the things we know of and things we don’t know. We are going through it all. Don’t forget to pray .”
“Being nice doesn't stop people from hating you and the hate shouldn't stop you from being nice. Don't listen to the loudest of the hurtful words instead pay attention on the lives you can impact positively.”
“Don't glorify the habit of quitting relationships.”
“Happiness ends when doubting becomes a habit.”
“Being calm and looking calm are not the same things.”
“Those who defame the character of others should first work on theirs.”
“You’re already in the territory of the flowers. It’s only a matter of time before you blossom.”
“In chasing the one you love, don't hurt those who love you.”
“Life is mostly full of happiness, but by over- indulging oneself in matters that hurt the most, one gradually sinks into the worst of sorrows.”
“Fresh air is invisible, yet it is vital to healthy human life. At the heart of what makes the life each of us lead significant is the capacity to find fulfilment in using our blessings to be a blessing to those around us.”
“People who don't take friendship as a responsibility don't understand the meaning of it.”
“Your forgiveness doesn't matter to the person who isn't sorry to hurt you.”
“Some relationships are intact only because their emotions are dead.”
“One thing that kills a man easily is COMPARISON. Know in your head and heart that you are different from others and not just only in appearance but also in everything. You won't be successful with your peer at the same time, and you won't have the same level of wealth. Accepting this, makes it easy for you to appreciate God and yourself.”
“A determined heart is hard to beat.”
“One of the most toxic things a person can do to themselves is keep a known enemy closer to them than a known friend.”
“Being practical in relations suffocates emotions.”
“People don't betray you. They make you open your shut eyes.”
“Lies, pretty little lies. The last rope I have against my faltering hope.”
“Instead of seeing failure as shameful, view it as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and determination.”
“لا يجرح السيف غمداً وهو يطعنه! ويجرح القلب صدرٌ وهو يحتضنُ…”
“When you reframe rejection in a positive way, you take away the fear associated with it and remind yourself how strong you are.”
“Confront your fears head-on and watch as they become stepping stones toward your goals.”
“Fail often to succeed sooner - accept the possibility of failure, and use it as fuel to reach your goal.”
“You have the power to make your own journey - be kind to yourself, and embrace the risks you take.”
“Facing risks and pushing boundaries is the key to unlocking potential - don't be afraid to take a calculated leap.”
“What lies beyond fear is freedom - have the courage to step forward and unlock your potential.”
“Lead with courage, own your decisions, and embrace accountability - the true hallmark of a fearless leader.”
“Your goals are within reach – take control of your destiny and manifest greatness through action-driven progress.”
“Execution is the bridge between intention and result – it moves you from merely having ideas to making them a reality.”
“Make progress every day, no matter how small it may be – execution builds momentum that can help you reach new heights!”
“Focus on small wins to reach big achievements – use momentum generated by execution as the fuel for success!”
“لم آتِ، لكني أتيتُ  ومضيتُ لكن ما مضيتُ قلقاً على شكل النهايةِ لا ابتديتُ ولا انتهيتُ ورأيتُ أني لو أراك أريق بعدك ما رأيتُ.. الليل صبحٌ مضمرٌ والضوء قبل صباه زيتُ وأنا وأنت غمامتان نضيء أجمل ما اكتويتُ فعلام تجمعنا الأماكن طالما الكلمات بيتُ؟! وإلام نسكبُ والقناني تحتسيني ما احتسيتُ إني أطعتُ قصيدتي وندمت أن نفسي عصيتُ”
“أصعب رحيل على الإطلاق هو ذلك الذي يأخذ شكل البقاء ”
“السيئات يذهبن الحسنات  الجميلات يذهبن العقل ”
“أجمل الأوطان، تلك التي تأخذ شكل امرأة ”
“I am not always right, but I am not always wrong either.”
“Life isn't about never looking back. It's about looking back with gratitude for making it this far.”
“Future unrealistic fictional character see me safe, memory set me free”
“High ego is often the side-effect of low self-esteem.”
“We must challenge corruption - only then we can be in a position to break the vicious cycle of economic inequality and pave the path of prosperity and peace.”
“Don't rely on anyone for your needs. You will end up giving up a lot more than you receive.”
“Fear of being alone forces people to stay with an unfaithful partner.”
“No person should live in fear In the country they were born in.”
“The problem about social media is that .There are campaigns to promote someone and there are campaigns to demote, tarnish or destroy someone. People are paid to say things they don’t believe in, or they mean. It is all about the money. Choose to support someone statement or post at your own peripheral .Choose to take everything with a pinch of salt. Don’t be too quick in judging others, because of what you heard about them on social media. Good or bad it might be a campaign.”
“Simplicity is too high for for fools”
“Moving on gives you a direction for the future. But it takes the old happiness away from you.”
“The pain of a broken relationship is better than the pain of suffering every day in a relationship.”
“…إنّ طريق العالِم إلى المعرفة هو نفسه طريق الشاعر إلى القصيدة، مع اختلاف فقط في طريقة التعبير”
“People we associate with influence the direction our life takes. And so often in life, success flows from not leaving our friendships to chance, and consciously choosing friends we need in our life.”
“You start respecting yourself when you commit to changing yourself.”
“When you lose my respect, you lose my love too.”
“For a boat to go forward, the water must be pushed backwards  So is moving on in life  We need to push some of what we are floating on behind our backs…”
“The trains were a very poetic concept: anticipation, rendezvous, departure, nostalgia, longing…”
“We're not used to having easy joy! So how does your face bring such delight with one look  We're a nation that sees sadness in joy, anxiety in opportunities, and fear in a smile, so that’s why your face worries us…”
“Many of those entrusted with enlightening others are always creative in enacting darkness. Perhaps our student’s ambition and creativity are wearing out in the educational cells, and they suffer from the authority of the repressive system within the classrooms.”
“The curricula proved by irrefutable findings prepare generations for the past, not the future. The official exams only hinder its circumvention where it only differs in the letterhead and the dates of its conduct. This is the utmost betrayal against an entire generation of hidden gems.”
“كلما سكب العمر عاماً جديداً بقارورة الجسد الهش، قلت: يا عمر عاش الندامى… وأسأل: ما دام لا يكبر الشعراء، علام تعود السنون، علاما؟ وما زلت أكبو على ولهي يا صبابات ! ما زال يكبر جرحي سكوتاً، وما زلت أجرح صمتي كلاما… وأكبر، لا بأس! بي عدم لا يُضام اذا ازداد عاماً، …إذا قلّ عاما”
“Kittens are lively as the days of spring. They make everybody happy.”
“You don't become wise by not making mistakes. You become wise by accepting your mistakes.”
“A heart full of love has no place for hatred.”
“بناء المناهج التعليمية كبناء القصيدة، يحتاج الى ثقافة وأصالة ووعي واستشراف للمستقبل…”
“Leadership is about unlocking the potential of those around you, so they can shine and achieve greatness in their own unique way.”
“Success doesn't come to those who simply dream and hope for it. It comes to those who take bold and intentional action toward their goals. It's not enough to aspire for greatness, you must work towards it every single day.”
“As long as you remain consistent in taking small steps forward each day, it won't be long before you're powering through projects with greater success than ever before!”
“Success isn't a distant dream; it's waiting for you at the finish line of every action you take.”
“Sustainable success isn't a one-time achievement, it's a lifelong journey of intentional action and growth towards a fulfilling life.”
“Life is like a roller coaster, filled with its ups and downs, but at the end of the day it's up to you to find the courage and determination to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Life doesn't always have to be about trying something new, pushing ourselves to the limit or achieving our next goal. Sometimes it's important to stop and celebrate the successes you have gained along the way.”
“Don't let anyone drag you down with their words! You have the power and confidence within yourself to rise above any negativity, and you deserve to be seen for who and what you truly are.”
“Accepting yourself and believing in yourself is one of the most important habits when it comes to success! Embrace your uniqueness, and never forget how capable, strong, and powerful you are.”
“Let's face it - the only way to truly make a lasting impact is by embracing change and standing out from the crowd.”
“Change the way you view things and you'll be presented with new opportunities to create the life you've always dreamed!”
“Don't be fooled by the noise, don't let the crowd define who you are. Strength comes from within – knowing you can navigate through life's uncertainties and standing strong even when it feels like everything is against you.”
“The only way to crush fear is by confronting it and taking action - so don't hesitate - grab life with both hands and make it happen!”
“Don't let the hustle and grind of life cloud your judgment - take the time to understand what works best for YOU and craft a plan that aligns with your goals.”
“Setting boundaries does more than just make you feel empowered, it sends out a message to the universe that you know your worth and won't settle for anything less than respect.”
“Don't be afraid of taking risks or stepping out of your zone of comfort, because that is often when amazing things happen.”
“Yeah, I was lame but I never stopped walking.”
“Though some may have been a part of my life before, I won't let their absence hold me in place anymore. For life is a journey with ups and downs, And I'll keep moving forward until I reach my crowns”
“As the years slip by, we can drift apart, Friends becoming strangers, breaking heart to heart. But do not despair, for this is nature's way, Ebbing and flowing, like the tides of each day. Hold tight to those bonds that stand the test of time, Cherish each moment, like a precious rhyme.”
“Sometimes we outgrow people or they outgrow us, and that's okay. Don't let the loss of a few people make you forget the happiness that still exists in your life. Love yourself, love your surroundings, and keep moving forward with grace and strength.”
“I may have lost some friends along the way, But it doesn't mean my life is in disarray. I won't dwell on what I cannot change, For I have enough reasons to be happy, not deranged.”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे , वो कर जायेंगे”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे, वो कर जायेंगे।”
“मैं देखता रहा, वो जाते रहे। फिर मैं भी चला, मगर वो याद आते रहे।”
“A great person is not great in every field.”
“एक महान व्यक्ति हर क्षेत्र में महान नहीं होता।”
“तुम्हारा अच्छा होना, मुझे बुरा नहीं बनाता। तुम्हारा समझदार होना, मुझे मूर्ख नहीं बनाता।”
“We are part of the problem. If, When we see something wrong. We are not doing anything about it. We just talk and laugh about it.”
“The most interesting journey, conversations, and life, always end prematurely.”
“It’s in the little flowers of kindness that we find the maximum nectar of happiness.”
“Mistake is despair, Believe is Wisdom, Knowledge the beholder while Faith is Promise which transcend to Perfectionism”
“The Key to Knowledge is Artistic Wisdom and The Key to Wisdom is Philosophic hand print of geniuses and the key to Foolishness is despair arrogants”
“Only the Wise knows themselves to be in despair arrogants but yet with the fools, folly knows them not to be of themselves to initiate”
“Equality affirmative, silphilets the inlets robust iniquity vixentive.”
“Trying to fix a broken relationship hurts more than leaving that relationship.”
“You don't love yourself enough if you love someone who cheats on you.”
“He who seeks to reach the moon must first build his own rocket!”
“People who don’t want to take accountability and responsibility. They always choose to blame everyone for everything, but themselves. It is always someone’s fault not their own decision making. They always see themselves as victims. They never learn life lessons. They end up become a problem and having Indefinite problems in their lives. To void that choose to be accountable and responsible for your actions.”
“At the end of the day, I love having my own space. I guess that's just the introvert in me: I get my energy from small-group conversations and from spending time on my own.”
“we can grow, change, according to who we want to be and what we want to achieve.”
“You need not remove if you can re-move them.”
“I dare you to say those things to my face, which you talk about behind my back.”
“My decisions may not be the best always, but at least they are always mine.”
“To lovers out there … When you have what your partner wants. They will find any reason to stay. They will justify your every action. When you no longer have what they want. They will find any reason to go or to leave you. Everything you do or say will be wrong.”
“Politicians are trying so hard to run away from having the same problems you are having. They don't want to spend money in fixing your problems. They are all about helping themselves not others. That is why they are distancing themselves from people who elected them. They are getting bodyguards, big fast cars, big houses, move out of the hood. High wall or fencing.”
“You should be ashamed of yourself for mocking, ridiculing and making fun of people because they are not educated or not working. Most people are not educated because they can’t afford to and are not given opportunities to. They are not working because of high employment rate, and they are not being hired.”
“With some people, distance feels magical, and closeness feels suffocating.”
“You aren't becoming wise if you are not learning to understand the people in your life.”
“Imali yenzana isilima.”
“Hype always kills the real and genuine thing. They say fake it until you make it and those who are faking it are the ones that are always selected over the ones who are really doing it.”
“Desire reins, reason's horse roams.”
“Beware of the temptation to bend facts to fit what you wish were true. Every lie runs itself to death. Every profound truth, like the sun, rises to become self-evident.”
“A happy past with someone who isn't a part of your present doesn't let you move toward the future.”
“Don't be deceived .People know very well what they are doing. They only act as victims when their intensions and plan had failed.”
“If you want attention or engagement on social media. Say anything about men or to men. The word men is used as a trigger these days.”
“If you're looking for a miracle, for healing, for help— if you're looking for an answer, darling start within yourself.”
“You are an insufferably wonderful reprieve from my darkness.”
“You are an insufferably wonderful reprieve from my darkness.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain it to pretend like nothing happen.”
“No matter what the world is doing or what your friends find popular or what your family thinks, God wants to be the sole authority who passes along a standard of how we are to live our lives. It is always best to stop and listen to what God has to say. His ways are always perfect and wonderful.”
“You may have lived longer than me, but I might have understood life far better than you.”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“People who are lost in life can't feel the beauty of getting lost in emotions.”
“I didn't realize it, but the people who tried to destroy me actually strengthen me.”
“Growing up means realizing that sometimes, people hurt you to protect themselves and that's fine.”
“An unkind person can't understand the intentions of a kind heart.”
“Remember the times someone stood for you, not just the times they couldn't be there for you.”
“It's not the laughter but tears that bring two people close to each other.”
“Don't even try to break me. My strength will break your wish to break me.”
“Listening Is one of the best critical and very Important life skill you should have as a person In order to succeed In life. Most If not all the time when I fail, It is because I wasn’t listening. Listening not just to respond, but to understand. Listening to your gut or Intuition. Listening to your heart or feelings. Listening to other people.”
“We don't meet people face to face, But waste our time on social media's embrace.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. If you want something, do something about it. Otherwise, it will be your whole life.”
“Once friends as batchmates, but now different batches divide us.”
“You may be good, but that doesn't make me bad. You may be intelligent, but that doesn't make me a fool.”
“Even if Being sick is a fashion. Being broken is a fashion. Being mental ill is a fashion. Being uncultured is a fashion. Being disrespectful is a fashion. Being ill-discipline is fashion. Being rude and mean is a fashion. Being uncivilized is a fashion. Being a bully is a fashion . Being in tolerant is a fashion. It doesn’t make it right. If you don’t do right, you will never come right. All those things that are a fashion and cool to you. They are just endorsement for your shortcoming, downfall , depression, breakdown, failure, and death .”
“Amidst a crowd of friends, a search for truth begins, To find the few who stand by through thick and thin.”
“Small habits, big results. Prioritizing daily routines that align with your goals is like laying a foundation for success. It creates a ripple effect that boosts your productivity, sharpens your decision-making, and makes the impossible feel possible.”
“Your well-being is not a luxury; it's a necessity for success. Investing in yourself is the best investment you can make.”
“Your life is your kingdom, and you're the ruler. Don't let anyone else take the throne.”
“Your life, your rules. Don't let anyone else write your story. Be the boss of your own life and set your boundaries high.”
“Unleash your inner fire, ignite your passion, and blaze a trail that leaves a mark on the world. You hold the power to create your legacy, so rise up, own your strength, and burn bright.”
“Don't let the day run you. Run the day like a well-oiled machine and make every second count.”
“Embrace your quirks, own your flaws, and flaunt your fabulousness. Being true to yourself is not just a trend; it's a lifestyle.”
“Greatness is not a gift, it's a choice. It's not a talent, it's a habit. And habits can be built through consistency, dedication, and unwavering commitment.”
“Stop waiting for permission to be great. Own your power, and unleash your full potential. You are the BOSS of your life, and it's time to start making executive decisions.”
“Stop settling and dare to be exceptional. Own your individuality and level up your standards because your unique identity deserves nothing less than greatness.”
“Folly's idealism Idolizes constants situations fool's log”
“Calm is a bed where flowers grow.”
“Some people may sit at the table to decide your fate but it is only God that can restore all what you've lost. Always trust God.”
“Being kind is the greatest thing that costs nothing, but it is everything to the person who receives it.”
“Forgive them for hurting you. Remember them for hurting your family.”
“To be called wrong without being heard is a victory.”
“One of the best achievements of life is having friends who become family.”
“If your words are kind but your actions are cruel, then you are just a manipulator.”
“When people stop talking to you, they start talking about you.”
“If you are not chasing the bag. Then you are about to beg.”
“My hustle doesn’t define me. The reason for my hustle does.”
“La empatía es la venta a pérdidas de las emociones. Termina compensando con el tiempo.”
“Silence is the canvas upon which the colors of our soul are painted. It is in the stillness that we create our masterpiece, and find the beauty of our true selves." FMSOGAMIAH”
“Give more importance to your career instead of caring too much about others, because at some point you will understand that without your successful career you are not as important to others as you think.”
“Anger is dangerous, and yet the only way to express yourself sometimes.”
“Half-truth creates chaos. Full truth leads to peace.”
“Today's technology was yesterday's science fiction.”
“Sometimes life can give you more than expected - a baker's dozen is thirteen!”
“Sometimes having everything is not everything.”
“People continue to cheat in relationships when they know their partner's love is blind for them.”
“The root of our problems these days is Mental Illness. We have mental ill people giving advices, having influence. In parliament making decisions for the country. In social media having big accounts, I mean everywhere. They are pretending that they are not mental ill. If you don’t see you have a problem . You will never try to solve it. Don’t do something because you saw it being done somewhere. Don’t say something because you heard it been said somewhere. It might be coming from someone who is suffering from mental illness. Take care of your mental health, before it is too late.”
“If I have something going for myself. You don't know what I have got and how I am keeping it going. It will be hard for me to listen to you or to listen to your advice, especially if you are not contributing or supporting financially or resources wise.”
“Attention does for consciousness what our hands do for our bodies: it grabs hold of nature so that we can change it”
“Nothing takes me closer to the world than a cup of tea. Every cup is a bridge.”
“Being right or wrong doesn't matter when relationships are at stake.”
“Don't break yourself in trying to fix the one you love.”
“Don't care to be honest with people who have labeled you a liar.”
“I am beautiful. Like the sky in the morning, like the birds in the garden, like the moon shining bright at night and like the sweet cuddles after a fight. If you can see the depth of the soul you will know, i am beautiful with my folds, scars and moulds. I am beautiful like a story that's untold and like water that's hard to hold.”
“Africa would have been the greatest continent, if it wasn’t for greedy people. Thieves who masquerade themselves as politicians. They all find their moral ground or compass when they had been cut off from eating or from benefiting from corruption.”
“I didn't understand why she would stay with such a cruel person." "I understand her now”
“One-sided communication can't save a relationship.”
“Forgiveness isn't about who is right and wrong. It's about who we are willing to forgive and who we are not willing to forgive.”
“In life it is either you choose to prove people right or you choose to prove people wrong on what they think of you. It all depends on your actions.”
“Every person you love can't be a part of your forever.”
“Calmness is a bed where flowers grow.”
“The man who betrays his strength weakness reveals to be his enemy but the one who neglect his shadow's of reflexes fools rule his intact wisdom and inner peace”
“The man who does not love leaves no hostage for fortune”
“The journey of a short length finger isnt far from its destiny”
“What could possibly go wrong if the base of a center plate shifted in twelve angle sizes”
“Selfish I made me, want it all my purpose, see it all my ways, clear it all my path and sense it all Qualif Worson West”
“What we believe is possible for us is nothing compared to what God can make happen for us. And moments that truly take our breath away are those moments when divine will put impossible odds in their rightful place.”
“Illicit prime idealism of movative movement undertake public approves ways of any sort of path radar into illicit prime movement”
“What we believe is possible for us is nothing compared to what God can make happen for us. And moments that truly take our breath away are those moments when divine will puts impossible odds in their rightful place.”
“Moving on is difficult until you realize that you smile better now.”
“Truth is never accepted in relationships built on lies.”
“People who don’t value you and who think you don’t matter you are very good in destroying you and destroying everything you have.”
“People who don’t value you and who think you don’t matter .Are very good in destroying you and destroying everything you have.”
“Freedom day is losing its meaning or touch, because we are not as free as we were. We are oppressed by the ones we elected to free and lead us. Our leaders everyday with no single doubt are betraying public our trust in them. They oppress us by stealing from us. Taking our money, jobs, opportunities, our pride, our freedom, our voice, our safety, our health, our happiness . They busy doing corruption and denying us basic service delivery. We don’t have financial, economical, educational freedom. We literally live in fear of our lives.”
“Excellence is not about being perfect. It's about giving your best, learning from your mistakes, and helping others do the same.”
“Simplify to amplify. Streamlining your systems is like decluttering your mind; it frees up mental real estate, enhances focus, and unleashes your full potential. So, ditch the complexity, embrace simplicity, and watch your performance skyrocket.”
“It’s okay if we ever walk away from this Trying to find something else to be happy. Maybe when we come back, we will know It’s okay to hold on to what your heart wants”
“To lovers out there … Relationship is like a bank. You will always lose your partner to the person who shows more interest to them ,if you don’t. To someone who is willing to investing their own precious time to them. If your partner doesn’t profit anything from you. Then they will close their account and will try to find another bank.”
“Hope rises with the sun, illuminating a new day full of endless possibilities.”
“Kuncono kakhulu ukuyihluphekela. Kunokuthi uyihluphekise . Abantu abaningi bayihluphekisa ngezenzo zabo .”
“Realism is wisdom to use power true to life. Self-doubt will only hold you back from pursuing your dreams, and the harsh realities of life will only humble your self-importance.” ~Tunde Salami”
“Please stop worrying about gossipers, trolls, commentators, bullies, chatterers, haters, envious fellows, storytellers, complainers, and other assholes, because you have better things to do than dance to their tunes.”
“The lesser problems you create in someone's life the more they respect you.”
“Whatever books we read, we should always be aware because they may begin to speak to us initially and then read us gradually.”
“Body shaming is one of the unhealthiest thing to do to anyone. You never know what others are going through to be in the position they are. Always mind how you express your feelings to people, you may be causing them pain without realizing it.”
“Body shaming is one of the unhealthiest thing to do to anyone. You never know what others are going through to be in the position they are. Always mind how you express your thoughts to people, you may be causing them pain without realizing it.”
“Sometimes the return of investing in love is betrayal.”
“The creative plane is pure magic, pure adventure, pure freedom.”
“God, why give Wings for the angels, but feet for people? . ''You were born to dream, you were born to love''. ''Give me wine. Give me bread, Lift me higher! Lift me higher! From this sphere of earthly dross, redeem me from the clay!”
“A friendship that can't survive tough times is not a friendship. It is just a bad life experience.”
“Look at the past as a lesson, not a regret.”
“Anything wrong you do knowingly. Has the risk to it. The more you know whatever you are doing is wrong. The bigger the risk , the greater the danger , bigger the consequences and severe the damage.”
“When you let cellphones, TV, Internet and social media raise your child . Your child will love and live for drama . Everything good or bad will be entertainment to them. They won’t know where to draw the line. They won't take things seriously. They would be Inspired by lies and end up living a lie themselves.”
“Being Barbaric is the new pandemic. Everyone is trying to act more crazier than anyone. Everyone is trying to do the stupidest , most bizarre and shocking thing than anyone. They are being rewarded by being famous , having influence or the following. Mental ill people are the new role models. Sanity and logic never applies anymore.”
“Don't judge people who make mistakes, but don't admire people who refuse to admit their mistakes.”
“Why did it have to be us?" Raziel said. "It is always us," Alicia replied after a moment. "Every hardship is borne by us. If it wasn't you and I, it would be someone else, but it would still be us. Humanity, cursed with the burden of suffering, blessed with the very same. That is life, and we will always bear that burden, us humans. It will be heavier at times, more manageable at others, but it always falls to us to bear it.”
“When you hurt someone, the least you can do is apologize.”
“Betrayal is the result of too much trust.”
“To lovers out there … Love is about your personality, behavior and character. It is not about your achievement, position, tittles and money. Your relationship might be but not love. Love is about you and the relationship is about what you have .”
“Some people will walk into your life when you need them most, some will walk out when you need them most, and some will walk with you every step of your journey. They all make your life truly rich.”
“Harsh words by tongue can make the heart look cruel.”
“Cheating and loyalty can't exist together in a relationship.”
“In weak moments today, don't do anything that will make you look weaker in the future.”
“Destiny doesn't instruct you to hurt people. Don't blame destiny for your wrong actions.”
“When you respect people more than they deserve, they stop respecting you.”
“For someone not to see the wrongs you are doing It is either . They don’t know what is right and what is wrong or They are also doing the same thing that is wrong, and they don’t see it being wrong. They are accomplices, enablers and part of the problem.”
“Be careful, especially if you are a good liar. You will lie to everyone .Lie about everything . You will end up lying to yourself. Don't get too comfortable in telling a lie.”
“Manipulating someone who loves you is a betrayal too.”
“Just because some gets it easy doesn't mean they are better than you. It's just their time to reign, when your time comes it will also be like a miracle.”
“Your life becomes so peaceful when your anger for the people who hurt you turns into sympathy for them.”
“Even if you get rejected in every areas of your life, don't feel dejected. Always have a positive mindset towards life and every other things will fall in place at the right time.”
“(Quotes in Odia Language ) ଜଣେ ବ୍ୟକ୍ତି ତାଙ୍କ ଜୀବନରେ ଉନ୍ନତି ଆଣିବା ପାଇଁ ଅଧିକ କିଛି ହାସଲ କରିପାରିଥାନ୍ତେ, ଯଦି ସେ ତାଙ୍କ ଜୀବନର ସେହି ସମୟକୁ ବି, ନିଜ ବିକାଶରେ ବିନିଯୋଗ କରିଥାନ୍ତେ, ଯେଉଁ ବହୁମୂଲ୍ୟ ସମୟ ସେ ଖୁସିରେ ତାଙ୍କର ସେହି ପ୍ରିୟଜନଙ୍କ ସଫଳତା ପାଇଁ ଅଧିକା ବ୍ୟୟ କରିଚାଲିଛନ୍ତି, ଯେଉଁମାନେ ଏବେ ତାଙ୍କୁ ବହୁତ କଷ୍ଟ ଦେଉଛନ୍ତି”
“Silence gives you a lot of strength, but it also pushes your close people away.”
“I have risen once. I know how to rise again.”
“Don’t plan or make a financial decision that is dependent on another person without letting them know first.”
“Nobody knows how to heal a heart that's hurt too many times.”
“Your story isn't the truth. But it's ok. I know that's convenient for you.”
“If you don't like me, don't stay with me. Keep it simple.”
“If you think love is a game . You will lose .”
“To lovers out there … If you think love is a game. You will lose. You will fool around, play around and at the end , you will find out by losing. Losing interests, partner, love, passion, integrity, money, kindness, morals, time, losing yourself and if you are unlucky losing your life. That is why some people who think like that are scoring or winning dates, hot partners, arguments, sex and other people’s partner, but losing love.”
“Anything that needs to be proven. It is not it. For the fact that you have to prove it is. It means its being is questionable that it might happen to be something else. If it is what it is. The won't be a need to convince , persuade , and influence others. So as to change their narrative or perception to see it the way you see it.”
“True giving and receiving have no strings attached: they are hearty acts of compassion and gratitude, not grudging acts of obligation and entitlement.”
“Losing people is better than losing yourself.”
“No matter how successful you are in life, you will eventually die. But the only thing that matters is the positive impact you have made in people's life. And that is what you will be remembered for, for a long time.”
“Right above the mirror is the Julia De Burgos quote I’ve learned to love: “Don’t let the hand you hold, hold you down.”
“I prefer suffering without you rather than suffocating with you.”
“Art can express where words fail”
“Lord, I thank you and trust you for orchestrating EVERYTHING in my life. I thank you for increasing my faith and giving me patience, because I know your PERFECT will is being done. I thank you for mental and physical strength to get through this challenging time in my life right now. I thank you for loving me, caring for me, and keeping me. THANK YOU for always having my back. Amen!”
“The difference between what you say and what you do is the real you.”
“The best way to live life is to live it your way every day, not some days.”
“I’m trying to be more conscientious towards myself! I need to slow down and celebrate the small milestones in my life instead of hurrying up to complete the next goal on my to-do list. I need to speak up when I am feeling stressed. I need to be calm and patient and kind to myself.”
“The good in life feels great when you have gratitude in your heart.”
“Choose to take care of your mental health .It is very important. People with mental issues end up being dangerous people in the society and to themselves. Choose to avoid toxic conversation, toxic friends and toxic situations. Not everything you see is good for your eyes and not everything you hear is good for your ears. Choose to stop feeding your mind garbage. Avoid to follow mean, vile, toxic, bad people and accounts on social media. Avoid reading bad news or information. Avoid negative things , negative people and negative friends. All the things that you see ,read and listen especial from social media are stored in your mind. Then they become part of you. Then you will start to react based on them. We all behave based on what we know.”
“Sometimes those you value may not value you. Those you love may not love you. But God has a way of bringing the best people into your life, even when they seem like the wrong choice to you. Always follow God's direction.”
“Faith can move mountains but love can move people to do greater things.”
“You don't rise by putting others down. You show who you are.”
“It's true that life is short and time is fleeting, but if you can stop to appreciate how precious it is, you'll find that time is the most precious measure of true wealth!”
“Discipline may be a tricky but at the end of the day, it's believing that you can achieve your goals and dreams that will get you closer to them.”
“The more important a call to action is to our purpose, the more we may be tempted to resist it - and yet it may just be what opens up new doors and opportunities for us.”
“Celebrate the process! Let's face it - reaching our goals can be hard, and if we don't recognize and appreciate each small step along the way, we might not make it through. So instead of becoming overwhelmed by the big goal ahead, let's focus on each moment and celebrate every tiny success that brings us closer to where we want to be.”
“Don't let fear or doubt stop you from trusting the process! Commit to your goals and trust that everything will turn out just fine.”
“Life is a journey, and it’s full of twists and turns - some amazing, some challenging. But no matter how tough the roads or uncomfortable the accommodations, there’s still something to learn from it all.”
“Today is full of potential; all it takes to make the most of it is a little effort. Don't worry about tomorrow until today's work is done!”
“Life is too short to be miserable! Choose happiness - it might seem hard at first but I promise it's worth it. Let go of the negativity and open up to a world of possibilities.”
“We all have people whose selfless acts of goodwill have enriched our life. So, as you savour your own personal success, don’t forget to do what you can to better the lives of others.”
“Some people are not loved back in a relationship. They just get manipulated.”
“Talking can fix a lot of damage caused by silence.”
“Value yourself more than the relationship that makes you feel worthless.”
“It's painful to be in an emotional relationship with someone who is emotionless.”
“When you help someone who doesn't need any help, you harm them more with your help.”
“We keep on saying Africa is cursed, because we are suffering , but Africa is not cursed . Africa is blessed with minerals, gold, diamond, coal, animals, cultural diversity , heritage, wildlife , nature and natural resources. It is the leaders we select that are cursed to Africa . It is because of them , people are suffering in Africa .”
“When you feed them, you can control them . When you fund them, you can control them. That is why it is dangerous to take food from anybody or money from anyboy. Even donations, because if those people don’t have integrity and are not good people. You will be controlled by monsters.”
“We have gangsters posing as Pastors. Man of gold posing as man of God. Prophets who wants to profit from children of God. That is why the bible in 1 Timothy 6:10 says “For the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. And some people, craving money, have wandered from the true faith and pierced themselves with many sorrows.” We were warned before on Matthew 24:24 “24 For false messiahs and false prophets will rise up and perform great signs and wonders so as to deceive, if possible, even God’s chosen ones. ” Have faith in God not in man.”
“Know that bad character and attitude can block people from seeing the skill, talent or potential you have.”
“Now, it makes sense why they don’t want to connect us to what made them successful. Their success came from drugs, money, diamond , gold laundering, prostitution, human trafficking, heist, kidnappings, corruption, fraud, extortion and killings.”
“You are the toxic one After looking through the window. Look into the mirror . Look through your cellphone. Is this you ? You have cut all ties with people who spoke bad about you. You know the danger of lies and rumors what it can do to a person. But on social media you follow all the accounts that speak bad of others. You follow and glorify all this toxic social media accounts. Mean, vile , miserable , psychopath , pathological liars . You are the first to laugh, comment and share their content. Its you who is spreading the toxic gospel, you even tagging others. Making remarks of not being judged by liking their content. Asking others if it is only you, who likes their content or there are others like you ? You have condition yourself to get excited every time , you hear bad news or bad things happening to others. Next step will be you opening fake or catfish account if you haven’t already. Bad traits have addiction,. Yours started by loving people secrets and downfall. The reason you follow those accounts is to feed your inner soul. It Is because you can relate. They are you and you are them. You share the same mentality, views, sentiments, resemblance, ideology, and character traits. You are justifying their wrong doings or sayings, because in you . There is nothing wrong they said or done. After looking through the window. Look into the mirror . How toxic you are . Look through your cellphone. How bad you have become. By just adding or following someone who is toxic.”
“Don’t be consumed by what you consume. Choose to use your cellphone, don’t let your cellphone use you. Choose to control your alcohol, don’t let your alcohol to control you. Choose to control your anger , don’t let your anger to control you. Choose to control your sex drive , don’t let your sex drive control you. Choose to control your social media or internet, don’t let social media or internet control you.”
“Never lie to yourself that you didn't hurt others.”
“I regret apologizing to the people I should have told to leave.”
“To lovers out there … Most relationship end, because of someone always trying to have a different opinion on everything said or done by their partner. They always opposes their partner not looking at the merit, content or context . They just want to be in control, to test their powers and influence they have on their partner. Asking them for things they don’t really want . To see if they will get it for them. Making their partner to stop doing things they love , not because those things are wrong or it bothers them, but to see if they would listen to them.”
“People who are really poor, can't afford to do crime, because they don't have means and resources to commit one. They might have a reason to do it, but wont have strength, capacity, materials or resources to commit one. It is people who are well off who are doing most crimes, because they can afford to.”
“Contradictory little pieces of truth are a fact of life. But when we are willing to embrace and piece them together, we instantly discern them as different perspectives of the same enduring wisdom.”
“Some people can't differentiate between care and control in a relationship.”
“You miss a lot in life by not expressing your feelings.”
“You lose self-respect by staying in a relationship with someone who doesn't love you.”
“One of the biggest mistakes of my life is suffocating myself to protect someone from getting hurt.”
“Setting boundaries isn't about keeping people out, it's about protecting the energy you allow in.”
“The best chapter of your life begins after the end of a painful relationship.”
“To lovers out there … Thou shall not condone toxic behavior or abuse in a relationship. Thou shall not compare their relationship with other relationships or partners. Thou shall not compete with their partner. Thou shall care for their partner Thou shall compromise for their partner . Relationship is about meeting each other halfway. You need to be on the same way again.”
“Don’t be afraid to make mistakes – just learn from them & move forward stronger than before!”
“Life is too short to stay in your comfort zone. Believe in yourself and be courageous. Take risks!”
“Burnout prevention starts with YOU. Invest in your happiness & well-being for a better tomorrow.”
“Indecision can be a slippery slope. Take care with each step and move forward confidently.”
“When faced with tough choices, don’t forget that you have the power to decide for yourself.”
“Fear makes us think we need more information before deciding, but often we just need courage!”
“Success is not a momentary event; it's an ever-evolving journey. #HighPerformanceCoaching”
“Make sustainable changes today to set yourself up for a successful tomorrow. #OwnYourShift”
“Start small, think big: Believe in yourself enough to own your shifts.”
“Swap out burnout for inner balance by embracing daily rituals that support sustainable success with ease.”
“Leaders who listen twice as much as they talk are the most successful.”
“One of the greatest gifts you can give someone is to accept them as they are. Not because they are perfect, but because your gracious centred heart knows our flaws are what make us human.”
“Don't lose your identity in trying to save the existence of your relationship.”
“Despite the sense of invincibility and inevitability often associated with this so called Great Reset, and the Elitist Establishment that sits behind it, this theatrical movement does not strike me as an organic creation of their omnipotent genius so much as it does a premature plan that has become a reactionary course of action to counter what invariably constitutes the Great Revolution — An ongoing awakening of hundreds of millions of people throughout the world that threaten their globalist power unlike anything they or their predecessors have ever seen before.”
“Each and every one of us can contribute because each and every one of us can promote Awareness. If not for yourself personally, since you may be exhausted and disappointed by this Earthly existence, and understandably so, then please find the courage for the future generations still to come. Contrary to what the Eugenics Establishment would have us believe, Humanity as personified through the innocence of the untainted child is profoundly beautiful; It is Elitism and its unending encroachments that characterize the true cancer that cripples our society.”
“People use you and then call you useless.”
“Don't feel bad about hurting those who have been hurting you for a long time.”
“Life always teaches lessons. Some situations are a learning experience. You need to pay attention which ones are those ones, So that the history doesn’t repeat itself and because those ones are the ones that will build you up . Making you stronger, wiser, richer, happier and successful.”
“A turning of the page in Nature's book, and the story of spring begins.”
“You should know when to hold on, and when to move on.”
“Either you love someone totally or you don't. There's no in-between.”
“Do you know your human rights ? How would you celebrate or practice them if you don’t know them ? You can choose this day to study , enquire and to know what are your human rights . We are a danger to ourselves and to others around us. If we don’t know what we should know.”
“Distancing from people is ok. Damaging people is not.”
“If your heart is kind then you'll never be unkind to those who give you their time.”
“Physical dealers for automobile are overrated. If test drive is less desired by consumers in the 21st century, you no longer need physical dealerships.”
“Time management is all about making smart choices. So forget the hustle and grind, and take control of your choices - it's the key to success!”
“Time management is about making choices: what do you prioritize and why? Being aware of your finite time and consciously deciding how to spend it will give you control, clarity, and peace of mind.”
“Try your best not to make people sad if you can't make them happy, because some people may be passing through tough time in life.”
“I had learned that when you want something really good for you. You must work hard for it, or you must pay for it.”
“To lovers out there … I had learned that when you want something really good for you. You must work hard for it, or you must pay for it. You can pay respect, pay attention, pay it with your time . Some pay with money. Some pay with their careers, dreams and goals. Some pay by making sacrifices. Some pay with their bodies or life, and some pay with their emotions. Or you must work hard in doing chores, doing favors, buying gifts, working on your sex game , communication or listening skills, or working hard in pleasing your partner. Then you will have a good relationship or marriage.”
“Rejection should be a means of improvement and not a way to feel dejected.”
“Be a person of substance to people and not someone they wish they never met.”
“A weak willpower makes every potential way forward look like a brick wall. But when you are hungry to tap all the talents you are born with, every opportunity looks like an open door to where you are meant to be.”
“People leaving you doesn't hurt as much as people talking bad about your character to prove you wrong and hide their mistakes.”
“Some people will never understand your caring intentions because their intentions are selfish.”
“Don't waste your life trying to make your wrong look right to others.”
“You feel so much happiness when your urge to prove your intentions to certain people dies.”
“A humble teacher and a curious student, together, they bring the best to the world.”
“A man is hidden behind his tongue.”
“Te quiero advertir de algo: estás a punto de entrar en el jardín de Kiev, y cuando lo hagas, sus semillas arraigarán en tu corazón y lo cubrirán de hojas verdes y de hojas secas, y las flores frescas crecerán en tus entrañas y el musgo húmedo adornará tu piel. El jardín permanecerá en tu interior para siempre, y formará parte de ti y tú formarás parte de él. Nunca podrás desprenderte del jardín. No digas que no te avisé, amigo. Ahora depende de ti seguir leyendo o cerrar el libro. Tú eliges. Pero no hay marcha atrás. Porque las palabras se desbordan de las páginas y se arrastran como la hiedra en busca del último rincón de tu alma. El jardín de Kiev te está esperando. Aunque no lo sepas.”
“- Pero ¿qué es lo bello? ¿Los arbustos floreciendo en un elegante equilibrio de colores o lo que sientes al verlos? - El guarda suspiró profundamente-. ¿Qué es la belleza, pequeño Sergei? ¿El jardín o la sensación que te produce? ¿El objeto en sí o lo que sentimos al contemplarlo?”
“Ya sabes, en todos los lugares hay una mujer a la que llaman "bruja", que vive sola, que es sabia, a la que tienen miedo los hombres porque no los necesita y porque sabe todo lo que hay que saber.”
“-¿Quién puede construir un jardín? Eso es muy caro, ¿no? -Todos somos constructores de jardines. Podemos diseñarlos y levantarlos con nuestras manos o simplemente dibujarlos. -El guarda le guiñó un ojo-. Un jardín es arte. -Manoteó en el aire-. Es el arte de modelar la naturaleza, darle forma y expresar su belleza para disfrutar de ella. Los jardines nos hacen humanos. Los hay oscuros, que dan miedo, y otros son divertidos y escandalosos. Y algunos bailan y otros son tranquilos y tan viejos como el mundo.”
“Odia Quotes ଜଙ୍ଗଲ ବିନା ବନ୍ୟଜନ୍ତୁ ତିଷ୍ଠି ରହିବା ସମ୍ଭବପର ନୂହେଁ, ଜଙ୍ଗଲ ଓ ବନ୍ୟଜନ୍ତୁଙ୍କ ବିନା ଜୀବ ଜଗତ କ'ଣ !, ନିଜର ପ୍ରାକୃତିକ ଭାରସାମ୍ୟ ବା ସନ୍ତୁଳନ ହରାଇ ଏ ଜଗତ ଆଉ ଅଧିକ ଦିନ ତିଷ୍ଠି ରହିବା ଅସମ୍ଭବ | ପୁଣ୍ୟ ଅର୍ଜନ ପାଇଁ ଅନେକ ଧାର୍ମିକ ସ୍ଥଳକୁ (ତୀର୍ଥ) ଯାତ୍ରା କରିବାକୁ ପଡେ, ତଥାପି ମନ୍ଦିରରେ ଠାକୁରଙ୍କୁ ନିଜର ଗୁହାରି ଶୁଣାଇବା ପାଇଁ ଆଖି ବନ୍ଦକରି ହାତଯୋଡି ମୁଣ୍ଡିଆ ମାରି ପ୍ରାର୍ଥନା କଲାବେଳେ, ସେଠାରେ ମଧ୍ୟ ନିଜ ଭିତରେ ବାସ କରୁଥିବା ଭଗବାନଙ୍କୁ ହିଁ ଅନୁଭବ କରାଯାଏ | ( In Odia Language ) - Srinivas”
“Do what needs to be done after first imagining what you would be.”
“The endurance of the Moon pays the best result. The obscure moon by the cloud never stops the glory of the moon.”
“Very few people try to know themselver. And those who have been able to know themselves even a little. That peoples great. The whole world knows him.”
“Society has failed women, men, children, fathers , mothers. We have created standards, rules, norms, behavior, trends, lifestyle that destroy us rather than building us. That degrade us rather uplifting us. That oppresses us rather than liberating us. That depresses us rather than cheering us. The sad part is we individually are the society. We are contributing to life by everything we do or say or don’t do or say it .”
“Disconnecting from some people is as important as connecting with some people.”
“what feels like work to you is playing for others”
“You should know the triggers of your happiness and sadness.”
“Accepting a mistake doesn't change the fact that you made a mistake. It makes you aware of the actions that you shouldn't repeat.”
“Your priorities should be self-love and self-improvement, not living up to the expectations of others from you.”
“The different between other races or other people is that they choose to fight for each other and while others choose to fight each other . The ones who choose to fight for each other are always winning in life. The other ones who choose to fight each other are always losing in life. You choose which one you are going to be.”
“You are a soul out walking, carrying a lantern to light the world.”
“If you have no wine, then you have no good reason to eat.”
“Sometimes it's the thought of someone leaving you which is more painful than the pain you feel when someone leaves you.”
“Jared looked around the room. It was a smallish library, with one huge desk in the center. On it was an open book and a pair of old-fashioned, round glasses that caught the candlelight.”
“She got herself a cup of coffee and watched the setting sun from the corner of her eyes leaning against his back. The diamond ring shone in her navel like a chandelier of hope.”
“One day fades into another and I forget why I am.”
“When you know better. You must do better. You can’t be competing with people who are clueless, knowledge less, careless, misinformed, mislead and heartless. People who do stupid and bad things. Every person is responsible for their , even if their action was retaliation.”
“There is nothing left to write about Love anymore.”
“Any country that is failing to resolve it's problem. It ends being a problem to the world or to other countries.”
“Ego is the enemy of love.”
“People should be getting bad services or product because you chose to be in the wrong field or you chose to hate your job, supervisor, manager , boss, employment or what you do.”
“People should note be getting bad services or product because you chose to be in the wrong field or you chose to hate your job, supervisor, manager , boss, employment or what you do.”
“Amidst numb hands and a pained mind, I aspire to transform paper into serenity.”
“Don't judge yourself just by your mistakes.”
“Insecure people don't want attention. They look for security from their close people.”
“To lovers out there   A relationship is verbal contract between two people. Like any contract there are clauses, terms and conditions. If you don’t know any clauses, terms and conditions of your relationship. How then would you know if you are not bridging your contract. When to end your contract and how to make your partner happy based on the agreement. When to upgrade your contract to a written one which is Marriage .”
“Every flower is a melody that floats through the air and soothes our hearts.”
“Good exists so that evil can be rendered harmless with effortless ease. No matter how invincible darkness may seem, it only takes a moment for the purity of light to subdue it.”
“Strong relationships are about commitment, not convenience.”
“The more you trust some people, the more you realize you shouldn't have trusted them.”
“karma is given, not to those who ask, but to those who ask of nothing.”
“You'll never be the dairy untill and unless someone will whitewash you feelings”
“আসল কথা, মনের আনন্দই মানুষের জীবনের অস্তিত্বের সব চেয়ে বড় মাপ- কাঠি। আমি দশ মাইল গিয়ে যে আনন্দ পেলাম, তুমি যদি হাজার মাইল গিয়ে সেই আনন্দ পেয়ে থাকো তবে তুমি আমি দুজনেই সমান। দশ মাইলে আর হাজার মাইলে পার্থক্য নেই। তবে ঘরকে একেবারে মন থেকে তাড়াতে হয়। ঘর মনে থাকলে পথ ধরা দেয় না। ঘর দুদিনের বন্ধন, পথ চিরকালের।”
“Be confident enough, and don't get affected by others. Be humble enough, and always learn from others.”
“In trying to prove each other wrong, we forgot how good we were for each other and towards each other.”
“Don't set your needs on the amount of money you have, earn money for your needs.”
“Days are seldom empty. They are always full. Emptiness is within us.”
“No third person is ever responsible for the relationship failure between two people.”
“Talk is cheap that is why everyone can afford to have an opinion or say on what you do. But taking an action is costly. It will cost you your time, money, effort, skills, focus, experience, knowledge, commitment, dedication, patient ,determination and not everyone has that.”
“Choose not see things from jealous side point of view. People happiness, joy , success , good relationships will trigger you . They will trigger you to be bitter , petty , hurt and miserable.”
“That evening, when we parted with just a bye, as if we had thousands of encounters left - if only I knew that would be our last, I would have smiled a little more. I would have made you laugh a little more. I would have held onto your bag a little more tightly. I would have watched less of sceneries and more of you. I would have bravely held your hands. I would have told you how grateful I was, to be loved this way – innocent and warm. I would have told you how much I cherish all our little moments. Even though all we ever exchanged were toffees, how happy I was to receive them. I would have told you to live a happy life. I would have told you to miss me, just once in a while. Because I will be doing that, all the time. You would have smiled a little more then, my last image of you would have been a happier one.”
“No matter what you're going through, don't let that be a reason to be heartless to others, because when the damage is done it cannot be reversed.”
“There’s a break in the rainbow. An enormous, bloated indigo chunk floated slowly past.”
“It's the people we love the most who always hurt us the hardest.”
“Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.”
“When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.”
“If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.”
“At that very moment, all the stories about the sun and the moon started making sense to me.”
“All of them were different. I looked at them one by one. The right one was not the only one I had in view. Life it was, from every angle; or art.”
“And there comes a time when you know what you have lost. A moment you will not forget. A day you will always remember.”
“Loyalty doesn't mean supporting the one you love even in their wrong actions.”
“The hardest thing in life is pretending to be alive. We may deceive them but we cannot deceive ourselves with our lukewarm smiles.”
“We are all hurt, sad, scared, angry and fed-up , but that is not enough to bring changes in our lives. Change only happens because we are making a change not because we have suffered enough.Unless you do something that you think will make a difference. Everything will remain the same.”
“People who care about relationships choose to suffer rather than hurting others.”
“Everyone has a choice to choose , and you don’t have to like what they chose but you must respect their decision and accept their choices.  People these days are triggered by what you don’t like. They want you to agree to everything they say and like by force. If you don’t, then you a bad or evil person . To them it is either you choose what I chose, or you support what I chose. If you decide to choose the opposite . Then you are against what I choose. That is what social media and society make people think. That their preference matters, and other people should not have preferences, but should choose what they chose.”
“There’s no such thing as being completely ready. You’re never going to feel like you’ve got it all figured out. When you get to that place where you feel a little more excited than afraid, that’s when you go for it. That’s when you begin. To hell with playing it safe.”
“You owe it to yourself to become everything you’ve ever dreamed of being.”
“You cannot hold eternity in your hand, but you feel it in your heart; you know it in your soul.”
“Rising through the winter fog, spring is already here. And if I could have one wish come true, I'd wish that I could live inside the heart of spring and fill the world with the flowers of love and peace.”
“To lovers out there … Relationship is like work. The more time you invest in it. The more you contribute. The better the outcome or more profit you make. The more you put in. The more you get out of it.”
“YOU are in charge of how you experience life. You get to decide! Choose wisely, but most importantly, choose YOU!”
“Every challenge is an opportunity, so open yourself up and get ready to move!”
“Life is the dance between your wildest dreams and deepest fears - so take a chance! Don't let fear hold you back.”
“Don't let circumstances dictate how your life looks - act like the architect and design the lie that reflects your values and purpose.”
“If you want to make a change in your life and create something meaningful, you need to shift your mindset from "shoulds" to "musts".”
“Born to make it”
“Don't work for slavery life, work for success.”
“You get only one life to live. And there's no better way to waste it than trying to please everyone.”
“Let the story of my neice and nephews be a warning. The more you know, the more danger you are in. And trust me, you don't want to meddle with the Little People. - L.S.”
“Leaders are forward-thinking, confident individuals who identify what needs to be done, put in the hard work, and actively seek solutions instead of pointing fingers.”
“Depression is like a storm cloud that follows you everywhere, casting a shadow over even the brightest moments of your life. But just like a storm, it too shall pass, and the sun will shine again. It's important to seek help, to hold on to hope, and to remember that you are not alone in this struggle.”
“Schizophrenia may affect how we perceive reality, but it cannot diminish the power of our imagination and the strength of our spirit.”
“Living with a mental illness is like being in a hidden realm. It's a constant battle, but one that can be fought with courage, resilience, and hope. Don't allow the stigma associated with mental illness prevent you from getting the care and assistance you need. Remember, you are not defined by your disorder, but by the strength and perseverance you show in the face of it.”
“To Lovers out there …. It is hard to recognize and to keep the real one or the right one. When you have fake friends or bad friends.”
“It's so easy to get trapped in the notion that success means having every action regulated and planned, but the truth is far simpler. All you need is enough discipline to develop habits that lead to effortless success!”
“Stop beating yourself up! Breaking old habits isn't going to happen overnight, so don't be discouraged if it takes you longer than you planned. Give yourself some grace and remind yourself that consistency and repetition are key.”
“From an acorn grows a mighty oak - don't be embarrassed, be proud of where you're starting from, because it's all part of the journey!”
“Upitao sam se kao što sam to često činio u tom uzrastu, ko sam ja I šta je to što se ogledalo u ogledalu. Ako to lice u koje sam se ogledao nisam ja, a znao sam da nisam, jer bih I dalje bio ja ma šta da mi se desi sa licem, šta sam onda ja? I šta je to što mi je uzvraćalo pogled?”
“Jedna od glavnih funkcija prijatelja je da izdrži (u blažem i simboličnom obliku) kazne koje bismo želeli, ali ne možemo da izvršimo nad našim neprijateljima.”
“When you hurt others, your life becomes painful too.”
“Every day brings fresh blessings for the faith driven. And no one ever regrets starting a day buzzing with deep gratitude and total receptivity to the limitless goodness that every day brings.”
“You don't need the certificate of being right from the people who wronged you.”
“Time can turn even the closest of people into total strangers.”
“- ¿Qué tiene de malo este sitio? - Frío, soledad, hastío. - Entonces creo que es perfecto. - Si tú lo dices ”
“If there is a winner. he cannot become a winner. Only one who was once a loser can become a winner.”
“Space Element Time Set: Fire Inna Portal Mapped A Vortex Inna Rift Key, Wind Inna Whorl Turned A Puzzle Inna Ring, Earth Water Oak Sage Inna Golden Helixor Treasure's Cube ”
“Space Element Time Set: Fire Inna Portal Mapped A Vortex Inna Rift Key, Wind Inna Whorl Turned A Puzzle Inna Golden Ring, Water Inna Oak Sage Earthed A Treasure Inna Helixor Cube ”
“Space Element Time Set: Fire Inna Portal Mapped A Vortex Inna Rift Key, Wind Inna Whorl Turned A Puzzle Cube Inna Ring, Water Earthed Oak Saged Inna's Set Items Trade ”
“You don't have to hate the one who hates you. You don't have to love them either.”
“You are stressing about what other people might be thinking about you. Chances are you can be 100 % correct or incorrect. Without superpowers, you might not know what others are thinking unless they tell you. Whatever you think they are thinking. It is not their thinking, but It is your thinking. Stop creating threatening bad situations and environments in your head that will prevent you from doing well in life.”
“¿No sería extraño que un ser vivo sin capacidad para sentir tristeza o desolación se suicidase? Es tan contradictorio que carece de lógica; que la naturaleza haga que algo nazca y que ese algo quiera eliminarse a sí mismo. Estamos hechos para vivir. Incluso deseando morir, el instinto te impulsa a seguir adelante un día más.”
“Eres la caricia del sol, la risa inesperada que se atasca en la garganta, eres lluvia suave, besos húmedos. Y más, más besos. Eres la pieza que faltaba en el puzle que llevaba toda la vida intentando terminar.”
“- ¿De qué va la novela? - pregunta en un susurro. Sonrío sin dejar de acariciar su rostro. - Es la historia de una chica que está perdida y de un chico que ya no quiere encontrarse. Ella es el sol, calor. Él es hielo, Alaska, un corazón congelado en el que siempre está nevando. Pero, a pesar de todo, encajan. Y quizá por eso, los dos crecen como esas briznas de hierba salvajes, ¿te has fijado en ellas? No lo parecen, pero son fuertes. Y no importa el mal tiempo que haga, al final, pese al frío, pese al dolor que arrastran del anterior invierno, siempre se alzan buscando la luz del sol.”
“Empathy knows ALL species.”
“My job as a writer is not to judge my characters, no matter how coldhearted or twisted they may be, but simply to understand them.”
“You lose the essence of relations by using too much mind in relationships.”
“Intellect is easier to fake than character. A weak intellect may propel a person to the pinnacle of success, but the entry pass for remaining grounded and enjoying the amazing view is always an excellent character.”
“Some people are not in love. They are just used to living in a cage of a one-sided relationship.”
“If we make mistakes there is no problem, but if we do not learn from mistakes then it is big mistake.”
“Knowledge is another form of God.”
“Knowledge is another form of God. If someone loves both. So he will get the answers to every question.”
“Success doesn't mean victory. If someone is successful, it is proof that he has struggled a lot, and worked very hard.”
“When we tried to open the lock, we saw that is already open. And the problem we are trying to solve. It may be that there is no problem at all.”
“We all are an element of water With full of dripping emotions.”
“—Todos cometemos errores, Brooke. Forma parte de nuestra naturaleza.”
“The bell above the door chimed, and magic tingled at my fingertips. The scent of ink and freshly printed paper swirled invitingly in the air as I followed my parents in the bookstore.”
“i often wonder at what point my thoughts cease to be my reality and simply merge with my dreams to become my fiction, my life.”
“Poets may be the “unacknowledged legislators” but I don’t know if we’re that important. My fear overwhelms me at times; I gave you my fear, a withered gift. You are the true poet of the family. You gave me the cry of a baby in its mother’s arms, cotton candy at the circus, John Cage exhibits at the museum, lying under the light of the full moon. You gave me Fellini films and old Romances, a glass of Burgandy in a darkened restaurant where lovers cling to hope of passion and contentment. You gave me hope and love, but most of all, you gave me poetry.”
“The more I see you, the more I fall in love with you. Every time, in a million different ways. WOULD YOU MIND MAKING ME THE BEAT OF YOUR HEART?”
“Peace never came. Maybe we’d never wanted it from inside. We need geopolitical drama, we need commotion, we need a divide-and-rule policy, and we need to sell weapons and ammunition. We need profit. Who needs peace?”
“Skeletons are ragged. Skeletons shiver to the bone. Skeletons are dead to the bone.”
“Relationships become a mess when people stop being faithful and start being secretive.”
“Вы можете попытаться спланировать все, что хотите, но именно незапланированные события делают жизнь захватывающей.”
“люди обладают уникальным умением выбирать для себя то, что нужно им меньше всего”
“Every noble human need has a divine provision. But life is only truly wonderful for all of us when each of us choose to be a channel of divine grace to others at their moments of need.”
“It is more right for you to think most of all about your better life, but it is never right to forget about those who would suffer the most without your efforts to support them”
“Kitty's face was not there. In place of it, where it used to be, was something dreadful both in it's strained look and in the sound that came from it.”
“Words hurt a relationship, but silence kills it.”
“Today is a big day. It’s a new day. Yay! Yay! Yay!”
“A man is not so much attractive to his loved ones by the art of grooming his face as by his act of cultivating his good manners.”
“We die daily by trying to love something that the world created.”
“For a happy life, ensure that life lessons are more than life regrets.”
“Feb 1st 2023 joining this site”
“—¿Qué le pasa a la luna? —Está llena de cráteres, pero son bonitos, ¿no? Mucho más que si fuese una superficie completamente Lisa. Tú eres como una luna. Todos somos imperfectos. Todos tenemos agujeros. ¿Y qué? Podemos vivir con eso. Debemos vivir con eso. —Ven aquí. —Me abrazo con fuerza.”
“—Aaron (…) Es tarde, y no tienes que hacer esto. Ya me has indicado la dirección correcta. Ahora, puedes irte. —Señalé la puerta—. Gracias. Los dedos que seguía observando golpearon con gracia las teclas una vez más. —Incluve un poco de todo: eiemplos de talleres, conceptos clave para las actividades y las dinámicas de grupo, e incluso obietivos que hay que tener en cuenta. Podemos repasarlo. Nosotros. Esa palabra implicada de nuevo. —Puedo hacer esto por mi cuenta, Blackford. —Puedo ayudar.”
“—Nunca has necesitado a nadie para librar tus batallas, Catalina. Esa es una de las cosas que más respeto de ti.”
“Ketika kamu mencintai manusia sejatuh-jatuhnya, maka bersiaplah kecewa sedalam-dalamnya.”
“We are each gifted in a unique way. But success in finding great applications for our gifts hinges on the power of our courage to steer clear of the trap of evaluating our significance by how we rank in comparison to others.”
“Anyone may reasonably admire the decade for the following reason, that it contains within itself a nature which is at the same time devoid of intervals and capable of containing them. Now that nature which han no connection with intervals in beheld in a point alone; but that which ir beheld under three apperances, a line, a supercicies, and a solid. For that which is bounded by two ponit is a line; and that which has two domensions or intervals is a superficies, the line being extended by the addition of breadth; and thah which has three intervals is a solid, lenght and breath having taken to themselves the addition of depth. And these three neture content; for she has not engendered more intervals or dimentions tha these three. And the archetypal numers which are the models of these three are, of the point the unit, of the line the number two, of the superficies the number three, and the soid the number four, the combination of which, that is to say one, and two, and three, and four, completes the decade.”
“Your emotions don't need the validation of others.”
“You can control nothing, nothing at all. The only thing you think you’re controlling is your perception of the probability and nothing else.”
“I was not looking for you when you met me, but now with you, it feels like a part of me always wanted to have you. -my heart stopped searching for anything else the moment it found you.”
“Personal Integrity is a trait that so many people overlook and undervalue, but it's one of the most important qualities to possess.”
“Poetry is an expression of high and low emotions.”
“You stop waiting for an apology from people who hurt you when you get over them and get happy in your life.”
“Every season is wonderful if we have a spring of love within us.”
“Don't ask what the passing year has given you Ask yourself, " This year, what you gave to the world”
“Wear love and you will shine”
“You are the source of happiness.”
“I think it is important for companies to invest in employee behavior training. They should teach their employees, ethics, manners, social media conducts, and how to behave. Everyone is looking for an opportunity to trend big or to be a hero in breaking news by complaining or getting a payout.One mistake, argument, misunderstanding, post or bad service can cause the company to close and shut down. Everyone should behave like a brand, or they are representing a brand to be successful.”
“Everyone should behave like a brand, or they are representing a brand to be successful in these days where everything is controlled by the internet or social media.”
“Most of the time. We don’t have problems, but the people we choose to bring into our lives or circle are the ones being problematic or bringing problems into our lives.”
“To lovers out there … If you meet the wrong partner in a relationship. You will lose everything you have. If you meet the right partner In a relationship. You will gain everything you don’t have.”
“No excuse is a good excuse.”
“People make stories about you when they can't face you.”
“Whatever time you spend in leisure from busyness of time is not considered as a waste of time because it is the important part of your life for which you work hard to overcome most of the tightness of your life.”
“What we appreciate fills our heart with joy. And when what the heart most wants is delayed, experiencing joy hinges on appreciating that we sometimes have to patiently travel through darkness to reach light.”
“If you want to have healthy relationships in life then accept the fact that you can't be right all the time.”
“Life is all about making those brave and necessary shifts, so take a deep breath and trust yourself to make that leap of faith.”
“Sustainable success isn't measured by how hard you work, but rather by how much time you take to relax and recharge.”
“Don't be fooled into thinking that pushing yourself all the time equals progress - taking a break every now and then is just as important, if not more so.”
“Don't let glimmers of mediocrity hold you back from achieving greatness! One small step today could be the start of a BIG journey ahead--so don't let yourself be limited by what's come before. If you want to break free from the shackles of mediocrity, do it with courage and confidence. Together, we can create a brighter future for ourselves!”
“Remember, if you tolerate mediocrity, then that's all you'll ever achieve! This applies to everything from self-talk to goals, so don't let the past determine your future.”
“Believe in yourself and be brave enough to take risks, and you'll find that life is full of endless possibilities.”
“Forget the boundaries that have been placed around you or the beliefs you’ve been told are true, and start believing in your own limitless potential!”
“It's time to change our perspectives and unleash our inner strength; it starts by recognizing how capable you really are.”
“Don't be held back by insecurity or fear, because you never know what might be on the other side of that leap of faith.”
“When it comes to life, if you believe in yourself and take bold risks, the possibilities are practically infinite.”
“Dare to dream bigger and unlock the power within, because there are no boundaries that can hold you back.”
“It's time to put aside the limits that have been placed on you and start believing in your own strength and potential!”
“Life is too short to settle for anything less than amazing!”
“Choose not to project your insecurities unto others . If you do. You will start seeing people who are nice and kind to you as creeps , weirdos or predators . You will bait people good intentions for clicks on Social Media. Any act of kindness you will considered it a treat to you. Stop choosing to victimise yourself and looking for predators /trouble to prove your point.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“Don't just make money, impact lives positively. Because when you die, somebody else who claim your property but your impact will remain for a very long time.”
“Don't just make money, impact lives positively. Because when you die, somebody else will claim your property but your impact will remain for a very long time.”
“Sometimes it’s not our initial mistake that holds us back, but our failure to recognise that it’s never too late to bounce back from it wiser.”
“Be prepared to get hurt when you give a selfless friendship to selfish people.”
“No matter what, never give up your soul because that's the true source of your power and ability.”
“Make your future bright by giving a smile.”
“You are not living soft life if you are using other people's things and money.”
“Don’t let fear sabotage you from being happy. Don’t let fear stop you from being the greatest. Don’t let fear stop you from living your life , and taking risks and new opportunities. Whatever you fear is going to stop you even when you are unstoppable.”
“Ngoba badla babodwa. Bazodcina badlana bodwa.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“Don't be so blinded in love that love becomes the reason for your destruction in life.”
“Too much love for someone gives you too much pain too.”
“Be prepared, you are expected to face more impatience in life as you are still not satisfied with what you already have and you want a better life ahead.”
“Don't let anyone tell you otherwise: your potential is LimitLESS! Stop doubting your potential. Work hard, take small steps and make your dreams a reality.”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential.”
“Life is full of unexpected turns and challenges, but don't let that stop you from becoming who you are truly meant to be. Push through any doubts or fears and unlock your hidden potential.”
“Fear can be a powerful emotion and it's easy to let it direct your decisions. But, no matter what you choose, remember that YOU are always in control of your destiny. Don't be afraid to be bold and brave - life is whatever you make it.”
“I just hope most artists will realise it is not just talent only that makes you succeed. There is a lot. Planning, structuring, hard work, commitment, dedication, training, perseverance, and most importantly working well with others.”
“To lovers out there…. You should not avoid love but avoid certain people in your life. Love doesn’t hurt ,but it is certain people who hurt others in the name of love.”
“The challenge isn't about being flawless, it's about being yourself and owning it!”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“I'm learning everyday that taking time for yourself is so important. It's the key to finding clarity and understanding the relationships in your life, especially the one with yourself!”
“When it comes to taking care of yourself, don't play games! You are valuable, irreplaceable, and no one can take that away from you. Make sure you don't deprive yourself of your needs and wants-you deserve the same love and respect that you give to others.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Your time frame to succeed is different from others. Don't rush the process, trust God.”
“Worry is one of life’s oldest scammers to avoid. No matter how wonderful a victim’s life was, worry will rob them of their bliss, and leave them feeling alarmed about dire scenarios that may never happen.”
“Stop oscillating from the future and the past, be here in the now.”
“Even god made mistakes and yet some people think they are never wrong.”
“We Love the one who leaves us We leave the one who Loves us When we realise these two it will be Too late".”
“Today's victory is over yesterday's self”
“Be better than you were, not someone else”
“Conquer your past to shape your future”
“Yesterday's you is your greatest competition”
“Ignore the naysayers, chase your dreams”
“Dare to be different, dare to be great”
“Doubt limits, belief liberates”
“Believe and you can achieve anything”
“Doubt crushes dreams, faith builds them”
“Let go of doubts, embrace your potential”
“Doubt shrinks horizons, faith expands them”
“Tomorrow's success starts with today's belief”
“Passion fuels greatness, love sets it ablaze”
“Work is love made visible”
“Greatness blooms from a heart full of love”
“Opinions of others shouldn't hold you back”
“Greatness comes from within, not external validation”
“You are the only one who can define your greatness”
“Belief is the catalyst for the impossible”
“Impossibilities vanish with faith”
“The impossible becomes achievable with belief”
“Push beyond boundaries to discover what you're capable of”
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible”
“Nourish your body, Like a garden in bloom. Feed it the right things, And it will flourish and grow.”
“Take care of your body with nourishing food, and it will take care of you in return.”
“You have the power to choose what you put in your body. Make it count.”
“It is very important on how you start. Like ,How you start your day. How you start your year. How you start your conversation, friendship or relationship. How you start your business, party, group . How you start your journey, because winning in life is mostly determine by how you start or when you start.”
“It always surprises me where my quotes end up being used in the world!”
“People who bottle up their anger are more dangerous than people who express their anger.”
“To lovers out there …. When your partner is an understanding person and is not saying anything. It doesn’t mean they are fine with you not doing anything for them.You should initiate things to please them. You should initiate certain actions or gestures. Everyone loves to be taken care of. Even those who don’t ask for it. Having someone doing things to you or for you in a relationship is a must. The sentiment must be reciprocated.”
“I am nothing but a soul in grief - a gravestone yet not set but wit flowers in mind.”
“If one man can destroy everything why can't one girl change it?”
“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says "I'M POSSIBLE!”
“Art was his defiance.”
“All setbacks hurt, but not all setbacks need to haunt. And so often when we refuse to let setbacks stop us from pursuing a dream, the more unforgettable the heartaches along the way, the deeper the thrill of victory.”
“Financial independence begins when you think less about how much your money can buy and start thinking more about what your money can earn.”
“In business, you learn a lot about your friendships. Most often, your clients will become your friends before your friends become your clients.”
“Let this day be a reminder to all of us. We are better people and we are better human beings. We should forgive each other. We should stop holding grudges. We should stop seeking revenge. If you don’t forgive someone. The burden of hate Is on you to carry. We should not be petty or bitter, but we should show love and support to one another. We can only build a nation when we work together not when we are working against each other. If then we celebrate this day and we are not willing to do so. Then we are not more than just selfish hypocrites.”
“Any person who makes you feel that you are hard to be understood is not the right one for you.”
“The love I love is not the love that is love but the love that is not love. The love I don't love is not the love that is not love but the love that is love.”
“The people who become successful. Are those who work on a plan and not those who are planning on luck.”
“Never waste your life by living it on the terms and conditions of others.”
“People who choose not to listen and Who think they know. Never learn.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“When beliefs get rotten, they convert into superstitions.”
“Whsn you go Behind The Numbers - it's all about the people!”
“Revenge can feel so good in the moment, but the price is often long-term pain. To be wise is to always be alert to the perils of chasing instant blissful feelings that come from getting even with someone.”
“When people assume you are happy all the time, they never care about your unhappiness.”
“You tried to make things work. That's the best you could do. Now don't waste your entire life thinking about someone who doesn't think about you.”
“I HAVE ALWAYS IMAGINED THAT PARADISE WILL BE A KIND OF LIBRARY”
“Accepted imperfection is better than pointless perfection.”
“Fill your life with happiness and kindness, not sadness, anger, grudges, and frustration.”
“Some people are choosing to see the end, Meanwhile, others are choosing to see the new beginning. Whatever you see will determine how you will act. How you will do or what you will do.”
“The more I lost in my thoughts, the more I found myself.”
“Lot of people think that their partner change after sex or making love. But most of the time and the reality is .It is them who have changed first. After sex, they gain some type of entitlement. They develop You owe me attitude, or you need to love me more attitude. That attitude and behavior is the one that is pushing their partners away.  Not because they already got some from them. It is how they are talking, behaving, and treating their partner after lovemaking. Some are not that they have changed. It is just after sex you are monitoring them, and you start to see things that you didn’t notice before because you were not paying attention from the start. ”
“« Mince alors… » gloussa-t-il bruyamment en buvant une autre gorgée de vin, « J’aurais voulu t’affronter encore une fois. Que c’était excitant ! Toi et moi, quel dangereux duel ! » Il la regarda de la tête aux pieds puis ajouta: « Le duel rêvé. » Et voilà : il était encore une fois narquois et provocateur. Lee essayait d’oublier le passé, pourquoi devait-il encore la narguer ? Comment était-elle censée passer à autre chose ? « Arrête ça… » Elle se mordit la langue, prit une profonde inspiration et évita de lui répondre comme elle l’aurait fait auparavant, « Je suis venue m’excuser pour mon comportement puéril et te remercier pour ton geste. Je veux qu’on soit bien d’accord… Je ne suis pas venue pour devenir ton amie, Ren. » répondit-elle d’un ton ferme. « Je ne t’ai pas demandé d’être mon amie. »”
“Sometimes small matters make some moments truly unforgettable. And it’s so easy to encounter someone for a few seconds yet become a hero or villain in their story for a lifetime, without you ever knowing it.”
“You are only right when your timing is right, but you are never right when your timing is not right, no matter how hard you struggle to get your timing right.”
“Find your passion and greatness will follow”
“Love your work, let it love you back”
“She danced like nobody was looking at her, She was her own biggest admirer, Slaying with her exciting energies, You would be crazy to not fall for her, But you'd be left to guard your heart, Just as lemonade can't get rid of tart, Believe not easily in her eyes, She'll give you all lies.”
“Perhaps, Ajaya is my belated answer to the villager, who stumped me with his simple question on the humid afternoon when the procession honoring Suyodhana was marching through the green paddy fields of Poruvazhy: "If our lord Duryodhana was an evil man, why did great men like Bhishma, Drona, Kripa and the entire army of Krishna, fight the war on his side?" - Ajaya 1: Roll of the Dice (Author's Note)”
“Some live to create drama. They impatiently wait for their cue to perform. Even if this act seems Oscar worthy, don't buy a ticket because it will have you stuck viewing a sequel or two .or three.”
“It is Dante who decides who should be punished and where they go, what torments they suffer. It is the poet who takes those measures, yet by making himself the journeyer, he tries to make us forget: We think he too is another innocent witness to god's work.”
“The artist’s life was pointless without the freedom to create.”
“It is obvious to feel the pain in your heart when people who could understand your silence stop understanding even your words.”
“Grief never leaves one’s soul. You grow around it, like a flower pushing roots around rocky ground to survive. You are still the same person, you’ve just evolved around your experiences. You’ll bloom again, but only if you keep trying.”
“When God reveals His will in the silence of your heart, but it all seems impossible to you; He will hold your heart hostage until you elevate your vision, thoughts, and actions.”
“Only what comes simple is genuine and can’t be taken away from you.”
“If you have one minute left to live, you would not care about 99.99% you hold on to, that is the way to go.”
“A job is never going to serve you financial stability or freedom, nor compensate adequately for your given intelligence.”
“Silence may be a sign of patience, but it doesn't solve anything. Silence works for those who don't care about relationships in life.”
“We see the climate changing every day. In the past, everything was in time but these days, it’s out of time and it’s affecting everything and everyone. We must work with nature and not against it.”
“I have been researching the police and writing quotes about them for many years.”
“You are deflating your value every time you over inflate your worth.”
“Some things done in the past always have an impact on the future.”
“Don't be pressured by the society, because no matter what you do, you won't be perfect. Why not just be yourself.”
“Don't expect others to be there for you if you haven't been there for them.”
“To be alive is a divine gift. And the more you gratefully unwrap your unique package and intentionally express the best of who you are, the less energy you have to waste on trying to impress or outdo others.”
“Have people in life who help you in keeping your bad past away.”
“Always remember who stood with you and who stood against you when you were struggling.”
“Be the beer everyone desires to drink, and your love, everyone will be happily drunk on.”
“Life without 'f' becomes a lie. That 'f' is the feeling of love and being loved.”
“Even if people can call you a failure in life. At least have something that you can point out that you are proud of. Something that you did for yourself or for others.”
“She sculpted the pot from the vision she held in her mind and the small cut within her soul that could only be bandaged by her creative expression.”
“The shadiest meetings sometimes take place with the brightest of views.”
“To lovers out there   Some people when they are looking for a partner. They are looking for someone whom they can manipulate. If they can’t manipulate you as a partner in doing what they want. You are not their soul mate or the right person to date., because guilt-trapping you to do anything they want won’t work on you.”
“She learned to despise the smallest and the weakest, and most of all, herself.”
“Some soldiers wear silk robes, have pearly white teeth, and engage in handshakes instead of bloodshed.”
“And to have a purpose, to be willing to die for a cause—was that the highest form of living?”
“A mother's lap is the abode where you weep, sleep and find peace; no fear can intrude, all worries are removed, and love is absolute and supreme.”
“I'm sure we could have so much fun, but only if you learn to be good to me.”
“Nothing quite said ‘good morning’ as awakening with a man between the legs and another making breakfast.”
“Betrayal felt bitter and cold at the tip of his tongue.”
“The memory of a mother is the most luminous of thoughts.”
“The food is the same but not the taste, missing that ingredient of a mother's love.”
“Would all the drops of an ocean be enough to describe the love of a mother?”
“I wouldn’t trade what I have accomplished alone for whatever I would have done if I had conformed to their standards. Without them, I became passionate. Strong. Determined. Without them, I became successful. I became who I wanted to be. They missed out, not me. So why would I miss them, what could they possibly bring in my life that I didn’t achieve for myself?”
“Out of anyone, Ashe was more aware of the rules in place in the hidden world. As a half-demon, Ashe knew how harsh the hidden world could be towards beings the WWC considered ‘inferior’. The bigotry and ignorance perpetuated by the hidden world’s institutions against half-demons was partly the reason Clover had chosen to become a lawyer and defend those weaker than her. She wanted to be there for Ashe, to protect him from a world which wanted nothing more than to classify him as dangerous and ban him from using craft or being a part of the hidden world. The WWC prided itself as being a righteous institution, yet it disrespected any being that wasn’t entirely a witch. It had only begun accepting witches and wizards born to human ancestry about two centuries prior, but it still had miles to go before being entirely open to half breeds like kitsunes and other sentient demons. Ashe knew the rules and their cost. Yet, he didn’t hesitate to break them.”
“The matter both intrigued and unsettled him : would both their fires keep burning bright, or would they suffocate each other, consuming all and everything around them? ( ) Lee was something else, more than a simple fire; she burned like a shooting star. Enflamed, consumed from within, drifting along and brightening the horizon. Lee was as stubborn, loyal and driven as he was  lonely, yet, surrounded by people they loved, individuals who fueled their fires, gave them a reason to shine. Does fire burn fire? Could they learn to become one giant pyre?”
“Maybe threats and taunts and anger and violence were the only things he’d respond to. Maybe patience and love and time weren’t good for him, not to snap him out of the darkness he’d sunk in. Thinking about it, Lee couldn’t see why she hadn’t thought of it sooner: Ren and her had always been drawn to raw emotions… pain, anger, jealousy, envy, wrath, lust. They were fire, and would only respond to flame scorching their hearts, poking at the pain, tearing it out at the root.”
“Your wealth in this world is the upbringing of your mother.”
“When a mother dies, tears become the companion of the eyes.”
“The blessing of a mother cannot be expressed in words.”
“The most sacred memories are those shared with your mother.”
“See your stature rise when obedience to your mother is infinite.”
“The path you walk must teach you something, if it doesn't teach you, either you have an inadequacy or there is an inadequacy on the path!”
“In that moment, Ren realized what Kai truly was: an unstoppable tide, a vast blue ocean that was as clement as it was unforgiving - just as destructive as the wildfire Ren thought himself to be. Kai was not the fragile soul Ren had seen him as for years. Kai was dangerous as wild as himself and Lee. Ren should not have made a promise he knew, in his heart, he could not keep.”
“You realize the value of trust in a relationship after it breaks.”
“After every darkness, a new life starts.”
“To lovers out there … There is this partner that says baby we can’t do this, my friends are here and the partner that says baby we will do this. Let me tell my friends to excuse us. There is this partner that will do anything for friends ,but not for you and the one who will do anything for you, but not friends. There is this partner that says I am sorry my partner needs me and the one who says I am sorry my friends need me. The one who makes times for friends and the one who makes times for their partner . These are two types of people when it comes to relationships. One of these makes the relationship to work and the other makes the relationship to fail. One is looking for solution and the other is looking for excuses.”
“Everyone has a unique calling to honour. And the more we step out in faith to make the most of our unique gifts, the easier the divine assignment becomes.”
“If you have to choose between caring too much and not caring, then choose over caring because that's not bad guilt to have.”
“The true identity of a person is not best reflected in the respect he receives from people in front to him, but it is found where people talk about him most in his absence.”
“The true identity of a person is not best reflected in the respect he receives from people in front of him, but it is found where people talk about him most in his absence”
“If you keep on making excuses to me. What you are doing is teaching me to always make excuses to you.”
“Don't allow anger and hurt to build a permanent place in your heart.”
“Animals help you feel deeper, they open your heart to its true potential. They heal you, and love you unconditionally.”
“Don't hold grudges. Don't let people who hurt you have any place in your heart. Neither good nor bad.”
“A dead end is not an end. It is an indicator of taking a U-turn and choosing a different path.”
“But such was death - it had nothing to say.”
“Love does exist, but unconditionality remains only in a mother's embrace.”
“It matters not how you dance, as long as each step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“In the ocean of life, a mother is a raft that keeps you afloat.”
“Countless words, yet none can express the pain when a mother passes away.”
“A mother's smile is radiant as countless awakening suns; without her presence, what is life but a cold, lonely night that never ends?”
“No other experience has more delight than seeing your mother smile.”
“Indeed, a mother is the sacred blessing of mercy bestowed upon her children.”
“Footsteps find the purpose to exist when arrives the blessing of dance.”
“Intent is meant to dance when steps and melodies combine.”
“Slow or fast, each dance step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“In moments of sorrow or when the heart breaks, allow dance to take away all the pain.”
“Moments of life become a magical storyline when you take the stance of dance.”
“No matter your age, time, or place, the connection with dance will always remain.”
“While listening to drum beats or trance, now is the time to release the dance.”
“Feel the adrenaline rushing down your spine, take a little chance, for it is time to dance.”
“Across space and time, terrestrial and celestial, every being represents its dance.”
“Hoe langer het duurt, hoe feller mijn woede opspeelt. Ik ben hier thuis, idioot, IDIOOT! Ik ben hier geboren. Ik ben hier en daar, Ik ben goed en slecht. Ik ben niet half, ik ben dubbel. Dat had ik tegen hem moeten roepen.”
“Ik weet niet zeker of vergeven nog iets is van deze tijd. Tegenwoordig vinden mensen je sterk als je hard veroordeelt.”
“Walking alone may not make you happy, but it will make you stronger.”
“Give yourself something that no one can take away.”
“The world has become very polluted now, it needs to be cleaned, so cleaning should start from one's own mind because the biggest pollution is in human mind”
“Choose the company you keep carefully. Choose who you party with. Choose whom you drink with. Choose whom you hang around with. Shanquella Robinson was murdered while she was on a vacation with friends. Among her friends, No one knows what happen or how she died. Senzo Meyiwa was also murdered in the presence of his girlfriend and friends. Amongst his friends, No one knows what happen or who killed him. They all died in the presence of people they trusted, people they know and people they thought are their friends.”
“The tears get wiped, and sorrow becomes joy when your mother is there by your side.”
“The melody of a mother's voice brings harmony to the soul and makes you whole.”
“Is there a sight more beautiful to the eyes than to see your mother breathe life?”
“A mother is the supreme manifestation of love.”
“Blessed is the one whose mother is still alive and for whom a prayer she recites reaches the heavenly skies, which even the angels oblige.”
“The one who has his mother's prayers by his side, no power in this world can stop his stride.”
“Is there a scale on which treasures of the universe can outweigh the love of a mother?”
“If love does not arrive, sing and dance with melodies by your side.”
“If love is a city, to enter it, you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“What is left to achieve when movements flirt with feet?”
“When the melodies drown, breathe with a dance.”
“There is much to express, not with eyes or lips, but with dancing steps.”
“Excitement spreads beneath when you lock your feet to the dancing beat,”
“Freedom will be within grasp when you take a chance and dance.”
“Dance elevates the calm and drowns the chaos.”
“Why be shy? Even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out?”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance, all are equals.”
“Every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.”
“What else ignites the blaze of miracles but the flame of dance?”
“Only a dancer can sway the silk of her hair like the summer breeze.”
“The world seems void of silence whenever footsteps are deprived of dancing shoes.”
“Imagination comes alive when skates scar the ice to tell fairy tales.”
“To love dance is to learn how to live life.”
“The sensation of dance guides and heals, and magnifies what you feel.”
“When a heart breaks, the ointment of dance heals all the pain.”
“Stay close, don't go far, hold hands as dance heals all the scars.”
“Feel the energy and rapture of dance as it heals the fallen and saves the lost.”
“With movements of dance, every uncertainty receives clarity.”
“Embrace the feeling of healing as you dance.”
“Elevate the dance with your stance, as each movement brings harmony to the heart.”
“It steals your sorrow and gifts you a smile, the tutor of movements is dance.”
“Don’t be sad, when you dance, every stride will bring you closer to smiles.”
“Smiles bloom when you feel the summer breeze and the cool grass caressing dancing feet.”
“Love beats, light that shines, and breaths that arrive all pay tribute to dance.”
“No matter your age, or the time or place, don’t just stand; begin to dance.”
“Dance and evolve; time will soon run out; this moment of the present is all that counts.”
“Release stress through dancing steps and find healing for yourself.”
“Time flies; yet we do so many things out of habits, good and bad. Every day is a new opportunity to choose your priorities wisely and turn the flight of time to your advantage.”
“You are as important to someone as they show you.”
“When you dance, happiness is displayed like an architect redesigning the lines of fate.”
“Never compromise, but improvise; at this stage of life, showcase your dance.”
“Beautiful are dance styles, like counting the eternal, limitless stars.”
“To shift, drift, and move, most glorious, is the blessing of dance.”
“Freedom will finally be within grasp when you experience heaven on earth with a dance.”
“Dance with an energy that makes mountains move to your choreography.”
“All possibilities remain within grasp when you dance upon the stage of life.”
“Create some commotion, like ripples in the ocean, shoeless or clueless, dance the dance of life.”
“On the verge of tears or about to break down, dance will rescue you from frowns.”
“Sleeping or awake, in reality, or the land of dreams, across realms, everywhere is the gossip of dance.”
“Immense and intense is the reach of dance, moving souls with its majestic trance.”
“When words are less through dance, we express the emotions hidden within.”
“Dance is the language that all souls speak, connecting them as one humanity.”
“Waste not a second of the day; count each blessing with dance and music.”
“No differences exist, as equals remain, the novice and the masters who practice the art of dance.”
“Those who practice it can’t get enough, whose expressions are countless; what else but dance?”
“If you have a broken heart or a sorrowful soul, dance will bring you joy once more.”
“This night is young, made of many stars, and unravels destiny only when you dance.”
“The choreography of life makes us fall, only to teach us to rise through dance once more.”
“Release yourself from this static state, and dance without end when the melody plays.”
“It lightens the mood when you start to dance; it’s not about the feet, but what moves beneath.”
“In the storm of dreams, lightning feet, and thunderous heartbeats begin to dance.”
“Feel the feeling not felt before, express and allow it to come forth when dance is your mentor.”
“Divided was man, but the thread of dance united us as one truth.”
“Beautiful is this choreography of celestial entities dancing on the wings of cosmic melodies.”
“Hold on; carry on; troubles shall disappear when you dance to your favorite tune.”
“A person who knows dance understands life.”
“Dance overwhelms you, as though an entire world moves within you.”
“Autumn is a place where words fall short. It is a magic that must be felt, breathed, experienced, and treasured.”
“Creativity knows no bounds; there is no jail that would hold it. It flows beyond grammar and edge of canvas and specifics of brush or movement or tongue, out there and within you, always ready for the soul to take flight.”
“Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.”
“Opinions are the defenses we have clandestinely built against our own conscience.”
“Memory is an imagination particularly low on creativity.”
“Stop feeling bad if someone criticizes you all the time. Because some people have the habit of correcting others and not themselves.”
“A sensible person will choose communication over silence to solve relationship issues.”
“The way she moved reminded him of the ocean, smooth yet violently erotic; she could drown a man, or she could heal a man, just like the sea.”
“Naked servants rushed to do their emperor’s bidding, pawing at Voxinus’ armor and cloak, but true to form, the aging soldier drove them away with a swat and that commanding baritone voice which demanded respect. “Sit down, now!” the courtesans and servants scurried back to their skinny, shameless emperor. “Are you throwing away a gift from your holy emperor, Voxinus?” Kwisus asked, pushing away food as his face grew more severe. “We have been down this road before, Eminence, and as always, I accept the tokens of your good will, but I will not overuse them in a liberal and lavish manner.” The general was choosing his words carefully, sensing a chess-game for power for the second time in one day between the teenager and himself”
“In the classroom of life, we take the tests before we learn the lessons. And success is when every day we are moving forward wiser, rather than restlessly striving to correct mistakes of days gone by.”
“Listen to your inner voice more than the voices of people who never make an effort to understand your point of view.”
“Sometimes you get so used to getting hurt in life that you forget how to enjoy when you finally get happiness.”
“Each peaceful breath is a petal opening on the bud of humanity, a bloom on the flower of life.”
“Imagination permits the evolution of collective knowledge.”
“Don't judge people on the days when even they don't know what they are doing in life.”
“If you are loved, something is wrong. Growth attracts hatred and envy. Progress attracts tribulations, when it arrives, be sure you are on the right path”
“There is great beauty in each season, but autumn has a pinch of something more.”
“The best thing we learn from some people in our life is that we should never become like them.”
“Feeling lonely even after being in a relationship is a sign that everything is not going well in the relationship.”
“There are no little blessings in life. And when you live every moment with a sense that there is always more than meets the eye, you are rewarded with feeling truly blessed in all situations.”
“Sometimes even when you try to forgive someone, you fail to do it because you know they will hurt you again.”
“The main part of a man is his mind, if it is dirty then even the most beautiful body loses its attractiveness.”
“I won’t be your friend if were not gain anything. You wouldn’t agree to marry me if I were a beggar in the street. I worked to be what I am to love me; please do not break what I have built.”
“Talk to your anxieties and your insecurities. Don’t ignore them completely. Remember, the more you talk to them, the more you’ll understand them, and gradually come out of their murky grip.”
“You can't forgive someone who isn't sorry about their actions.”
“Do the work and let the work do the talking.”
“Caro patriarcato, le colpe che ci attribuisci non sono del nostro corpo. Hai sbagliato tutto. Non siamo arrabbiate perché abbiamo "le nostre cose", perché siamo isteriche, o perché non scopiamo abbastanza. Non sono gli "istinti misteriosi" a guidarci, né i nostri ormoni. [ ] Siamo arrabbiate perché le nostre vite traboccano di desiderio, un desiderio che viene costantemente represso. Così cerchiamo spazi, occasioni, una voce per esprimerlo. Caro patriarcato, ci dici in continuazione che dovremmo essere contente di come stanno le cose, che noi stiamo esagerando. Ci sono le quote rosa, i sussidi di maternità, le leggi di tutela. Ma questo non ci basta: "Vogliamo il pane, ma anche le rose". E non le chiediamo a te, ce le prendiamo da sole.”
“When ignorance disappears, so too does the distiction between self and others.”
“If they are not loyal to you in your absence, then they are not loyal to you at all.”
“When you become acquainted with love you develop the feeling of hatred simultaneously. It's human nature to hate everything that comes in the way as a hurdle. I have made my life complicated once I learned to hate. It's the heaviest therefore hardest to let go!”
“I sell duck quotes in small, medium, and extra weird. But I’m all out of small and medium, so you can have the extra weird for FREE.”
“Those with low self-esteem tend to have highly developed egos; they long to be Best at every Thing and valued highly by everyone they meget, and imavine their ego is repressed, weak and needs boosting”
“Changing with time feels beautiful. But when someone forces you to change, it feels suffocating.”
“Real love is attentive but has no concern.”
“One who forgives gets forgiven.”
“Love is the purpose, and life is the journey.”
“My whole life consists of two words, meditation which shows love.”
“Life is each moment precious to creativity. What you create does not matter, and it may just be an image in the void - but whatever you do must come out of your playfulness and satisfaction. Love is the purpose, and life is the journey.”
“Thought is only an abstraction representing a fraction of what is.”
“If a human has no direction, every wind is a fresh breeze”
“Social media people would rather support your beef than support your hustle. They rather share your memes rather than share your business posts.”
“If you want to make the wrong decision, ask anyone.”
“Some trust their snakes or bones. Some trust their herbs or medication. Some trust their wealth or health. Some trust their fame or jobs. Some trust their money or connection. Some trust their qualification or skills. Some trust their friends or partners. Some trust their doctors or witchdoctor. Some trust the internet or the news. Some trust their looks or beauty. Some trust themselves or their guts. Some trust what they had been given. But I am here today to remind you that. Jeremiah 17:7-8 “But blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord, whose confidence is in him. They will be like a tree planted by the water that sends out its roots by the stream. It does not fear when heat comes; its leaves are always green. It has no worries in a year of drought and never fails to bear fruit.”
“Avoid putting yourself in situations to apologize.”
“Christ's kingdom is an ever-increasing kingdom, not a state of recession or Inflation.”
“When you turn to the word of God, the Holy bible you receive only good news which gives us positivity, salvation, faith, healing, and protection, and when you see world news produces negativity, fear, anxiety, stress, worry, depression, and sickness.”
“Investment is as important as the funeral cover. Even if you don’t want it. You need it, because you will use it in the future.With the little you have. Learn how to invest, save and buy shares. You will thank yourself in the future. We won’t see financial freedom. When we spend, throw, and blow every cent or penny we have. Financial freedom is to be financially responsible.”
“The world will never be safe from evil. Freedom and peace will never be given to you by anyone. You must find them, not in the corners of the house or the roads, but within you, because victory does not consist in defeating the wicked, but in maintaining the purity of your heart, no matter how hard life is.”
“To lovers out there … It is sad to see relationships ending because of personal problems and not because of relationship problems.”
“Don’t get lost following the crowd. Others may guide you, but only your inner compass can point you in the direction to make your own unique mark in the world, however big or small.”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, that one is able to show the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it in priority”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, is capable of showing the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it as a priority”
“Be prepared to face the consequences if you blame others for your mistakes.”
“The best investment in relationships is the investment of time and emotions. And often that's what people don't care about.”
“Good books, good friends, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
“Being alone is better than being in a relationship that makes you feel lost and lonely.”
“Most people start by trying to be controversial but end up being haters. Some start by being clout chases and end up being psychopaths. Be careful. Anything you do for too long, it becomes you or you become it.”
“Joy is like vapour. You can't save it for later.”
“Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.”
“I don't like answerable questions. They produce questionable answers.”
“Mantén tu rostro siempre hacia la luz del sol, y las sombras caerán detrás de ti.”
“Nature is an alchemist, gathering the last of summer’s green and turning it to gold.”
“जिंदगी में हर सुबह एक उम्मीद की किरण जागती हैं, फिर भी उसके सपने मुरझाते रहते है जो कल की नींद में तल्लीन हो कर जाग नहीं पाते हैं ।”
“Our biggest problem is that we are a generation that chooses to compete, because the only time we think we are better or doing better is when we compare ourselves to others. We choose not to support each or be there for one another because we see everyone as a competition and a threat. We rather see other businesses fail than succeed because we are in competition with the owners. We are comparing our problems. Instead of finding a solution. We are comparing our mistakes. Instead of acknowledging and apologizing. We are comparing our stress and depression. Instead of finding help or counseling. We are comparing our failures. Instead of improving. We are comparing our history and past. comparing our shame, abuse, rape, and assault. Instead listening, caring, sympathizing and finding help or supporting each other.”
“I am sure like me, you also need to learn appreciating your present moments & everything that is happening right now without wishing it were different. Darling listen – you need to enjoy good & pleasant things without worrying that these will end soon (which it may). You also need to be peaceful being with the unpleasant without fearing it will always be this way (which it won’t). You need to learn to appreciate yourself the way you are, every individual around you & everything happening at this moment in the same way that you appreciate a sunrise & sunset. Everything including you & everyone else is just as wonderful as sunrise or sunsets, if you can let them be. When you think that this isn’t how it’s supposed to be, when you fail to appreciate things & people the way they are at this moment, you are actually practicing resistance, not mindfulness! Remember this! Sweetheart, I am not saying that you shouldn’t do your best to improve or take steps forward to grow from here. No, not all! All I am saying is accept what is right now & develop the habit of looking at whatever happens through a positive mindset instead of a negative or defeatist one. Acceptance or as we say Mindfulness is the key & proven practice to convert momentary happiness to enduring happiness. It actually helps you move from feeling connected to actually being connected & aligned to this Universe (God’s Plans). I want you to patiently practice mindfulness, act with pure intentions, no matter what & believe me, all that is meant for you will come to you, very soon!”
“To lovers out there … It is sad that most relationships are driven by guilt and not driven by passion. You find your partner is being sweet, caring, and doing things for you because they are feeling guilty about something they are doing behind your back.”
“I am documenting history through quotes.”
“Where ever humans can't go, the earth is in peace. Not much left, though. That is why we reach out to the universe.”
“So much we don’t know. So much we will never know. And those moments we make the effort to harvest pearls of wisdom in our path are often the ones we look back on with enormous gratitude.”
“Darkness fades away, but it never lets us forget it. It leaves its mark forever with us. From time to time, they keep reminding us of the battles that we fought and conquered.”
“The only measure of seriosity is consistency.”
“If someone loves you, they will not stop you from doing things that genuinely make you happy.”
“Words are my bullets!”
“Putting thoughts into quotations often sparks a new flow of ideas.”
“I prefer to write quotations rather than books.”
“Some days all I want to do is write quotes.”
“If you put people with no integrity to work for the state or government. They will sell the country.”
“Always pray because you don’t know what you are up against. You don’t know where the war from whom it will come or when will it happen.”
“You are irreplaceable only till they don't replace you.”
“I personally think the world's greatest hack is hacking the people not the system.”
“Your truth will never matter to those who have already declared you wrong.”
“To lovers out there …. Statistics show that most or the majority of people are been murdered by their partners or lovers. Either out of jealousy, revenge, anger, or money. Be careful whom you choose to date or marry. Even if it is for time being or nothing serious. Even if they are means to an end. You might be choosing your murder.”
“You may not be where you want to be in life, but you can’t speed up your journey by depriving yourself of the inner peace that flows from being grateful for how far you have come.”
“Never wish bad for those who gave you good memories.”
“When many people are waiting for money to do something hard for their best, some people try their best to earn money to live a good life.”
“While many people are waiting for money to do something hard for their best, some people try their best to earn money to live a good life.”
“Be undiluted, and no one can imagine you.”
“Be pure, and no one can poison you.”
“Be virginal, and no one can deflower you.”
“Be chaste, and no one can fuck you.”
“There is a dark soul I hide as my possession; A riddled rose with Purple petals!”
“I think the seasons complete me- for once autumn comes I can fall freely along with every leave. I do not have to bloom, yet, I must die in every delicate line of October.”
“My favorite part about a wind farm is the invisible fruit that it yields. Plus, it's like a garden of giant metal flowers, and that's almost as romantic as a book composed exclusively of duck quotes.”
“It feels worse to stay silent when thoughts in your head scream loud.”
“Good times ended, and bad times will end too.”
“To lovers out there …. If you tell on your partner after a breakup , separation or when you are angry. If you are the one spilling the beans. Shaming the other person. Exposing secrets and faults. Talking about confidential things they trusted you with. Just know you are not as good as you think you are. You are the one who is evil, abusive, and toxic. For instant, here you are in public abusing their trust. You only pretend to be a good person when you are benefiting. Every person you are not benefiting from, are bad people to you and you must destroy them or shame them. For a person who has conditional love. Know that two wrongs don’t make one right.”
“I don’t know about you, but most people often look for circumstances, situations & a way to achieve a sense of inner peace & bliss. Darling listen – the nonsense, chaos & the noise will always be there. No one has control over these. But despite of those unwarranted things & circumstances you can stay in peace & maintain your bliss by controling your response to things & how you view things. I repeat – when you can’t control what’s happening, help yourself to control how you respond to what’s happening & make the most of it. That’s where your greatest power is. Sweetheart, today l want you to bring a sense of play, delight, awe & enthusiasm to your daily life & everything you choose to do. I want you to keep thinking about the people you care about & the people who care about you. I wish you to do more of those things & think more of those thoughts that fill your heart & keep it warm. I pray God to help you in becoming more capable of being peaceful, amusing, tasteful & blissful amidst all the chaos of a hectic life..”
“I wish you to know that it is you alone who can make yourself seen, heard, respected & loved… No one else! What I am trying to tell you is this: The best way to “make others treat you the way you want to be treated” is to treat & conduct yourself very carefully. Sweetheart, you can’t behave like a jerk or scum all the time, snub others & talk in anger or negative language with people, manipulate them & want them to respect you, love you & admire you. How is it going to happen? Darling listen – I want you to watch your manners, behaviours, words & doings very carefully, keep your promises & prioritise your own health, mental wellbeing & life purposes over everything else. I want you to start dressing well, begin to smile more during every interaction & start showing your competence & capabilities in every engagement. All the successful people & celebrities know this & this is how they live everyday. Let you also begin to bring out your own star qualities for all to admire. I mean identify what you are good at & start giving it breath, time, space & life, more than anything else… Visit my website, if you wish to know more about the blueprint to instruct others how to engage with us. Keep going! I am rooting for your success, your good health, happiness, healing & peace. Stay Incredibly Blessed!”
“Blind spots and limiting beliefs can sabotage a person’s divine potential for greatness. You have to believe in yourself to imagine the best version of yourself and ignite the can-do mindset to make it happen.”
“The goal is not to save more to fill the void in life, but to serve others with what you have, so that you can fill your life with plenty of happiness”
“To lovers out there … When you are with the wrong person for you. You will end up feeling guilty and wrong for doing the right things. You will be afraid, being yourself around them.”
“When life knocks you down: crying ‘why me’ usually only makes the pain harder to bear; trusting that pain usually leaves a seed of destiny is the most reliable path to a glorious bounce back.”
“Once in a while, shut off your head and listen only to your heart.”
“The greatest tragedy of our age is that we are born in a unique way yet feel that we have to die as a perfect copy of the world.”
“Creativity doesn't follow the books. If you are creative or you have a creativity company and you work by the books. You won't make it.”
“Be hopeful, it may not change your life, but it will help you to feel better about your life.”
“A person lives a life with a mixture of, persistent pressure of pain and pursuit of pleasure but as he grows up, he is better able to learn about how to live.”
“You can survive without friends, but you can't live a life full of happiness and fun if you don't have close friends.”
“Working on your dream is the hardest thing in this world because there is no greater joy, happiness, satisfaction, reward, or feeling that surpasses, you achieving your dreams or seeing your dreams manifest into reality.”
“Working on your dream is the hardest thing in this world because there is no greater joy, happiness, satisfaction, reward, or feeling that surpasses, the one you achieving your dreams or seeing your dreams manifest into reality.”
“Observe, author and publish.”
“You really need to be careful In taking advice, being influenced, or following and supporting someone on Social Media. Choose to double-check, verify, and apply logic and reasonable thinking in everything. It is because you don’t know the state of mind, intentions, situation, or conditions of the person posting. They might be posting from prison, psychiatric hospital or dark place. They might be bots, egocentric, pessimists, greedy, dishonest, manipulative, narcissistic, vindictive, sarcastic, toxic, selfish, hostile, pedophiles, scammers, murderers, insane, minors, catfish or psychopaths. They might have bipolar disorder. Because they have a large number of followers or they are too vocal it doesn’t mean you should listen and take everything they say.”
“You can't stalk me by going through my social media, because of what I post. It is what I want you to see.”
“You can't stalk me by going through my social media, because I post what I want you to see.”
“Writing quotes is like writing abstracts.”
“To lovers out there … Ignoring someone for too long. It is teaching them how to live, cope, survive and be happy without you. Absenteeism creates new opportunities for those who want to be present.”
“Compassion and empathy for all sentient beings, is the universal language of the heart.”
“Tuhan memang selalu punya cara indah untuk menghidup-matikan rasa pada setiap makhluk di tangan-Nya.”
“Those people who are using God’s name to threaten others and to scam others. Remember, You must not misuse the name of the LORD your God. The LORD will not let you go unpunished if you misuse his name. Exodus 20:7”
“Don’t you just hate when your mind does that? When it chooses to focus on what comes after, that you can’t even enjoy the moment right here.”
“I come from a place where nobody respects the selflessness I don't want to take away your happiness, Give me the tears and I'll turn them into rivers of joy for you, For all I know is to love.”
“The sea isn't inherently supernatural, or even scary. But it holds many unknowns. Sometimes unknowns are the scariest things of all, aren't they?”
“The world is magical but there aren’t enough magicians.”
“Like many others, I did give up on things that were challenging for me on numerous occasions, but finally, I learned not to do so since it taught me patience. Pushing myself through challenging situations gave me a lot of patience with myself. I'm now pushing myself till I can no longer do it.”
“Choose to respect other people’s cultures or heritage. Whether you believe in yours or not. Whether you practice yours or not.”
“For in truth I believe that the only way to say anything definite is to define it, and all definition is by limitation and exclusion; and that the only way to say something distinct is to say something indistinguishable from everything else. In short, I think that a man does not know what he is saying until he knows what he is not saying.”
“Quiet is my story for all”
“People don’t care about the law, justice, morals, ethics, respect, right or wrong, rape, gender-based violence, assault, corruption, crime, fraud or human rights. They just want themselves and the people they love or like to get preference. To get away with everything wrong, not to be judged, and to be in power. They want people they don’t like or love to suffer, be persecuted, trialed, arrested, and to be removed from power. That is why they are biased and have double standards. Their concern has nothing to do with injustice but is just preference.”
“South African law is not meant to govern any illegal and legal foreigners. That is why the law is hard on its citizens but lenient on immigrants.”
“No matter how impossible self-doubts make your dream seem, it always pays to dwell on the magic of self-belief to transmute blessings you are taking for granted into all that you need to fulfil your dream.”
“No matter how impossible self-doubts make your dream seem, it always pays to dwell on the magic of self-belief to transmute blessings you are taking for granted into all that you need to fulfil your dream.”
“Having a sense of humor is better than feeling sorry for yourself. You can laugh about it or you can cry about it. Pick your poison, but I'd prefer to laugh.”
“Who else can understand loneliness if not someone who sits in solitude all their own?”
“Learning something new, Always make you better at what you do.”
“There are lots of easy path or wise path choices in life, and lots of meaningful moments of your life will be your well-deserved rewards for deliberately choosing wise over easy.”
“The best working method of losing weight before any product or anything is discipline.”
“Love, compassion, empathy and kindness is what makes us human.”
“The reason our lives are like this. Sometimes, It is not because of our enemies, but it is because of our hearts. We hate others for no reason. We hate those who are doing well and successful. We hate those who find true love. We hate those who are happy. We hate those who are strong. We hate those who know who they are and those who are proud of themselves. Hate has become our content, our religion and our god. Hate has become us. We are now serving hate and we are even creating groups of hate. Yet we forget that whatever you sow. You shall reap. Galatians 6:7 1 John 4:20 Ephesians 4:31”
“Some women fear the fire  Some women simple become it.”
“Not everyone is born to have the same knowledge. Different paths, different tools needed.”
“You will be always remembered for your kindness and not for your arrogance.”
“To lovers out there … Study your partner. What makes relationships hard is people are staying together or dating for a long time, without knowing each other. They don’t even bother to get to know each other. How then will they be able to please, satisfy or help each other?”
“Everyone is blessed in uncountable ways, but true contentment lives only in the hearts of those who find purpose and fulfilment in making their blessings count for themselves and others.”
“An honest person never gets tired of helping others for a long time, but the same person feels tired at the very beginning of hurting others.”
“The anguish of looking for you, with hopes of finding again, is not like a camel going through the eye of a needle. Yea, rather it’s the needle going through the eye of a camel.”
“By overcoming obstacles in practice, you make your learning perfect and by overcoming the hardships you experience in life, you become complete in your life.”
“A raindrop glistened on a lump in his earlobe. Autumn lurked her tongue out and caressed it impishly.”
“It becomes easy to leave once you realize you didn't belong there.”
“Every hero in a movie had to learn their history In order to understand their own power. They had to find out who they are first. What gives someone power or what makes them strong? It Is knowing who they are. Knowing their culture, roots, background, tradition, history and heritage.”
“Choose to respect other people’s cultures or heritage. Whether you believe in yours or not. Whether you practice yours or not. Allow people to celebrate who they are and what they believe in.”
“The world sang out all its songs to me. But yet I’m not satisfied. I want to hear more. I want to hear your song.”
“We have to be part of the silence in order to cherish and understand the silence completely.”
“If your thought doesn’t open the gates of kindness, it isn’t going to take you anywhere.”
“Success comes when your own confidence becomesyour credibility.”
“Success comes when your own confidence becomes your credibility.”
“All change for the better, which you have been awaiting such a long time, has long since been dwelling somewhere in the depth of your thoughts.”
“Our endurance and suffering made us stronger than they can imagine. We became so strong that it takes only one of our own to destroy us or to end us.”
“They can’t destroy you or do anything to you now, because they are not at your level. But when you choose to support them in bad things they do or say. You are feeding their ego, hate, evil hearts, and mind. You are giving them power and they will grow up to your level. Then they will be doing or saying those bad things to you. They will be In the same league or level as you. They will destroy you.”
“When the heart has a habit of expecting zillions of dreams to manifest all at once, excellence in discerning and juggling the few that truly matter is a fundamental building block of success.”
“When people give away something . It is either they stole it. They have not worked for it or It is useless to them. People don't give away something they have earned. It is mostly taken away from them.”
“My experiment about life is that what I was trying, with all my interest, now I am getting more or less success from that effort.”
“Anonymous quotes are the unmarked graves of literature, and their lost, tragic authors its unknown soldiers.”
“Do your best to defeat the enemy inside you and you will find yourself wining the heart of your external enemy.”
“What is pinpointed out of my mouth has no I but the eternal understanding of wisdom. It is just when the speaker is dead, and value is made out of the words instead of what was spoken.”
“Some will touch your heart; some will touch your soul. If you are ever fortunate enough to have someone that touches both, you would be a fool to let them go!”
“People who are alone most of the time. Think that every problem they have. It needs money to be solved, but sometimes It just needs other people. People who can do or give you what money could do for you. That is why it is important to socialize and connect with other people. It can solve half of your problems.”
“Intelligence is a light for you and others - those who do not understand it abuse it for their darkness.”
“Our body halves, when sexually combined, form a whole: intelligence which is a light, shines where we are al(l)one.”
“Like the moon of night in the sky, there is still a hope that shines in the darkness of life, even in many shimmering confusions.”
“Sometimes the reason we are failing or not being successful. It is because we don’t have deadlines for the things we do. We don’t have a start date for the things we want to do. If you are not choosing when. Chances are it will be never. We need to choose the start date, the time, the place, the day and the deadline to get progress in whatever we are doing. Also, to get something done.”
“Life is a treasure hunt. And when your faith is in the Lord of majesty and bounty, you are guaranteed guidance to where your treasures are waiting for you.”
“I always carry three book with me  One's that I read, one's that I write and one's that I think !!”
“By sharing your pain with others, you may give them the strength to abuse your wound, but by sharing your pain only with yourself, you gain the strength to overcome the situation”
“I wish you to know that you are absolutely good to go after the happy & successful life you deeply desire. In case if life seems to be unpredictable & chaotic, stay calm & focus on what’s going right. Sweetheart, life has always been unpredictable. You just didn’t realize it. Accept it. Let go of the fight to change things you can't change. You can only change thoughts, words & your actions. Darling listen – don’t let the fear of what could happen be the reality of what’s happening in this moment. Embrace the uncertainty of life. Stop overthinking, over analyzing & trying to predict. Take action (inspite of not knowing how things will turn out) & move forward in life. Focus on the step right in front of you & live each day being your truest & best self.”
“But I had never doubted that, when I got back to school, I would find an email from him, explaining everything. It was not, after all, conceivable that there was no explanation, or that the explanation could come from anyone else, or that it could come in any way other than email, since that was how everything had always happened between us.”
“There is a danger in creating our pasts more than we lived them.”
“I breathe in strength and exhale superiority”
“While smartphones are making us ignorant, social media is the cause to more corruption, social anxiety and abuse.”
“Man of the letters is the one, who instantaneously answers to our most controversial question which has been sitting in our heart from quite a long time.”
“A trophy isn't special if it wasn't hard to get.”
“To lovers out there … People who have options or who think they have a lot of options to choose from when It comes to partners in a relationship. Usually don’t care. They won’t be bothered about you, how you are feeling or how are you doing. They don’t care if this relationship is working or not. Won’t try to resolve things or try to make means. Especially when they know they are your only option.”
“Dreaming is dangerous. But I allow myself to this time. I think we deserve a happy ending.”
“To lovers out there … There are people, who are focused on pleasing their partner in a relationship and there are those who are focused on pleasing strangers, social media, congregation, family, and friends about their relationship. That difference Is felt or experienced by their partner.”
“There is no one like you. I am so glad you exist.”
“You cannot outrun, outwit or outdrink your feelings. Attempting to suppress your thoughts and ignore what your body is telling you will only cause you a great deal of pain later on. Make peace with your mind and forgive your heart. The sooner you do so, the better. Everything you want in life is on the other side of fear; vulnerability is the path to take you there. Sit with yourself, acknowledge your emotions, feel them—and then let them go. True joy is waiting for you.”
“Great literature is written from the pulse of blood running through the veins of thought, and not by the meaning of it.”
“It just takes little contentment to put fuel in a cynical heart.”
“We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.”
“It is in our nature to adapt as humans. We adjust ourselves to be aligned with the external environment we find ourselves in. Either you are in a bad or good environment. good or bad place. comfortable or not comfortable situation. Either something good or bad is happening to you. You will adapt and it will be part of you. It is imperative for you to position or place yourself In a good environment. Surround yourself with good, positive, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, Inspiring, and motivated people. Find yourself, good friends. Be around successful people or people who are doing well. Wherever you are or whoever you are with, you will adapt and it will be part of you.”
“It is in our nature to adapt as humans. We adjust ourselves to be aligned with the external environment we find ourselves in. Whether you are in a bad or good environment, good or bad place, comfortable or not comfortable situation. Either something good or bad is happening to you. You will adapt and it will be part of you. It is imperative for you to position or place yourself In a good environment. Surround yourself with good, positive, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, Inspiring, and motivated people. Find yourself, good friends. Be around successful people or people who are doing well. Wherever you are or whoever you are with, you will adapt and it will be part of you.”
“Most people are responsible for their downfall or it is people close to them.”
“Before you wake up, your seriousness that never lets you sleep peacefully, starts building up your strengths with your efforts after you wake up.”
“It sucks when others don’t believe in your dreams. But don’t get drawn into proving them wrong. Focus instead on rising above pettiness to effortlessly step into your greatness.”
“Dust specks of an insalubrious ego floated into my eyes and stopped me from seeing beyond myself. In the evening, I washed my face and I was surprised to see the mountains so close.”
“Money is not everything but without money you feel yourself as nothing.”
“If you are a leader or manager. Train or teach your people well that even in your absentia they are able to make decisions or they can function without you. If you can’t leave or trust your employees or followers to do the work. That means it is not your employees failing but it is you who failed as a manager to upskill your people.”
“People are undermined and underestimating the hood, township, or projects. But all these businesses are sustainable, booming, and flourishing because of the support from the hood. If we can support each other the same way we support this business. Then we all can be rich in the hood. We won’t have people giving back to the community if the community didn’t give them anything like support.”
“The more you learn, the more you understand that the light is still in darkness to show the way that takes you to your destination.”
“You can be wild and dramatic without being vile, insensitive, disrespectful, and insulting.”
“Parents need to teach their children and we need to call each other out. There is no nothing cool about being mean or vile to others. Especially where a lot of people are suffering from depression.”
“Contentment and greed are adversaries and can’t coexist in the heart. When greed is enthroned, life is exhausting in a restless search for better or more. Contentment is key to unlocking the richness of life.”
“In the first step, you enquire. In the Second step, you verify. In the third, step you practice. Forth step you repeat all the three steps until you get it right. You need to grow from asking what to do. To be knowing what to do. From knowing what to do to do what needs to be done. In order to succeed.”
“As you travel towards your dream, never forget to get up to land at each of your destinations.”
“Put a man on a throne and he thinks he is king.”
“So often in life, the root cause of our pain is not the darkness that surrounds us, but our inability to use faith and hope to power through darkness to find joy and bliss waiting on the other side.”
“Hope is fragile. Without patience it can’t stand on its own.”
“Sometimes it feels like you are the only one not doing well. All these people you see posting their successes are fighting a hidden battle you know nothing about.”
“Praying in tongues is the portal entry into the supernatural realm”
“I miss your double-layered glares, purple dreams on one side, green hope on the other, and the way you change, the sides frequently. And I miss your desiccated lips, that open up to something else, when I hold you in my arms. Where are you now?”
“Freedom is free beyond a person's limit but it is better for him to free himself within his limits.”
“Feel The One Who gave you feelings, Love The One Who gave you your heart.”
“Pain in the heart increases its beauty.”
“Every heart break is fixing your heart.”
“It is not our appearances but our hearts that make us humans.”
“A person needs a great heart to achieve great things in life.”
“Do not break hearts, people do Ibadah in them.”
“There has never been a beginning or ending ever since our souls met. -For my Future Love; Letters”
“To lovers out there … You can’t put your friends first, when you have a partner and when you are In a relationship. Marriages and relationships end when more than 2 people have a say in the relationship or marriage. Some even extort, sacrifice, undermine, ridicule, mock, disrespect, and humiliate their partners in the relationship so that their friends can benefit or have a laugh.”
“True love never breaks any heart, it heals broken hearts.”
“If your heart loves it, your brain remembers it.”
“Wisdom increases when the love of Allah increases in your heart.”
“Wisdom is a gift from Allah for a person who carries pain in his heart for so long.”
“What lives in heart, lives in mind.”
“Let it rain inside you  .. it turns your heart in to a garden.”
“The strength of a mind is knowledge; the strength of a heart is faith.”
“When the heart is pure the words are sincere.”
“It is the pain in the heart that brings the most beautiful smile on the face.”
“Every time your heart loses your soul gains.”
“Kindness is the pearl of a heart, without it the heart is just an empty shell.”
“When the heart changes, the person changes, when the person changes, his life changes, when the life changes, his destiny changes.”
“Everyone knows something and only fools claim to know everything. Seeking to understand perspectives different to ours is often the secret to perceiving what is in fact true, rather than what we would like to be true.”
“Truth and dare of my country Is. Truth Is we are getting killed In our country and our government doesn’t care. Dare , Is you must choose between killing yourself or being killed.”
“If you say you are a leader. Where are you leading people to ? You can't say you are a leader If you don't have a destination or followers.”
“It will be hard to let go if you are holding it with your heart.”
“Feeling is the soul of relation, when the feeling goes the relation dies.”
“Those who do nothing always laugh at those who are trying. They will laugh at you to discourage you. Meanwhile, they can’t do half the things you are doing.”
“For those who have a recording studio. What will happen If your studio crushes, burn or equipment Is stolen ? Do you do backups ? How often do you run your backups ? Where do you store your backups ? How easy is it to recover your backups ? These are questions you should ask yourself, If you have a recording studio. Remember the studio Is your business and business needs to be always protected.”
“God showed me a favor when people thought I was not deserving. He verified me when the elites and privileged though I don’t qualify. He was the only connection I had through prayer since I am from a disadvantaged background. Now some people don’t sleep holding their last breath for me to slip up. They are waiting for my shortcoming and for me to screw up. Do they know that the Lord is my Shepard, and I shall not want? Psalms 23:5 – 6”
“Put your problems on WhatsApp status they Will disappear after 24 hours.”
“Each of us is a vital piece of the giant jigsaw puzzle that we call humanity. And our common humanity is never so meaningful and beautiful as when we make space for each of us to bring their most authentic self to life.”
“To lovers out there …. A matured person never laughs at other people who are trying to find love or partners, because they understand the reality, but a childish person laughs at them , because everything to them Is a joke. Never make fun of people who are on dating sites. Looking for love, friendship, relationship or partner, because you manage to find your partner or lover somewhere else. Dating sites, It just like another platform, another mall like any other place. Love can be found anywhere. People finding love on social media platform or dating sites. It doesn’t make It less genuine. Why are you worried or ashamed what people will say when you are looking for a partner, meanwhile It Is you who Is In need, lonely and alone. Longing for companion or some company. Being alone It is not a sign of bravery or Independency.”
“And I'll hide the maid in a cypress tree, when the footstep of death is near.”
“Believing that it is in the human nature to seek truth more than it seeks hope and alleviation, because a few individuals were staunch truth-seekers, is to believe that, because parrots can speak, it is in the nature of the birds to speak! Heraclitus, Galileo, Darwin, Spinoza, Einstein and a few thousands more against the about 117 billions who have walked the Earth…”
“Patience, among other things, also means to appreciate the time we have and to create the time we don’t have.”
“The dreaming, the making, the resting— all part of the creative process.”
“People live miserably without loving well and people love miserably without living well.”
“It’s not always easy to do what we feel in our heart to be right, but the wise know that inner peace is often the worthy reward for choosing to follow the quiet voice within.”
“My priority Is to change people lives, rather than to change the game with my music.”
“Passion becomes poison when money is the reason.”
“My problem is with the night, incessant, rickety, desolate nights, and not with the darkness. There’s a lot of light inside me.”
“It doesn’t matter who you are. The only thing that matters is how kind you are.”
“Some people would do anything to help others, but themselves. They would pray for other countries affected by bad things like natural disasters but wouldn’t pray for themselves. Why don’t you pray for yourself to avoid being killed, attacked or threaten. Why don’t you pray for yourself to get strength, courage and hope. Why don’t you pray for yourself to fight and to stand your ground. Why don’t you pray for yourself to be free. We are always at war with ourselves, with the spirit in the realm, with our friends ,family, colleagues, partners, society, community and with everything. Whenever you get a chance. Don’t forget to pray for yourself. Philippians 4:6”
“Life is very simple and everything is crystal clear. Only our thoughts are complex and vision, blurred.”
“No matter what we do or how hard we try to stop, everything flies. One day our life too will leave us without saying goodbye.”
“Don’t give up on your dreams, goals, plans or Ideas because people are laughing at them. People who are narrow minded laugh at people who have broader mind, but the joke Is on them, because they don’t see the bigger picture and they don’t understand.”
“Don’t give up on your dreams, goals, plans or Ideas because people are laughing at them. People who are narrow minded laugh at people who have broader mind, but the joke Is on them, because they don’t see the bigger picture and they don’t understand. Remember every Invention we have. It was a joke to some people then.”
“People are choosing to use gender wars to score points. Joking or not, what they are committing Is a hate crime or hate speech. Most of our Issues and problems are not resolved in life because they were given or tagged to a specific gender. A blame game took place. Meanwhile, they are human errors, not men or women. If something Is good or bad, we choose which gender to allocate It to. By doing so, we are creating a stereotype. We are deflating from the real Issue by Isolating ourselves so that we don’t feel responsibility and accountability to act On the problem we are part of.”
“Your mind will keep returning to where your heart is. Keep your heart with Allah.”
“Put your heart in du’a; Put your Trust in Allah.”
“Tears of repentance are the sign that a heart is cleansing itself and getting ready to welcome Allah.”
“O Allah save my heart or save me from my heart.”
“Those who broke your heart, forgive them with every broken piece of your heart . for the sake of Allah.”
“O Allah, fill my heart with what You would like to see in it.”
“When the body is hurt, brain feels it; When the soul is hurt, heart feels it; No matter where it hurts, Allah heals it.”
“Keep Allah in your mind, it will keep you strong. Keep Allah in your heart, it will keep you humble.”
“Knowledge increases fear of Allah in our minds and love of Allah in our hearts.”
“Love of Allah cures and purifies the hearts.”
“Heart is happy when Allah is in it; Heart is heavy when dunya is in it.”
“The life changes when the heart changes.”
“With a touch of true love a heart turns in to dust.”
“Beginnings commence the sure end.”
“From the ocean of hope to the fire of despair that your memories gave me, I will treasure them and keep them buried in the layers of my heart where they will remind me of you, each day, each moment.”
“A book that has been written has very little value. What matters the most is the book that has been read, sometimes many years or centuries after its creation. It’ s like a diamond; resting deeply in the mud, it will never shine until someone picks it up and makes it clean.”
“You are afraid to let anyone in, But you still leave the door open, Hoping someone good will shut the door behind him, And throw away the keys.”
“There is goodness in every woman, in every man. Some have not learned to use it yet. A part of them never will. Unfortunately, they lack the ways or the means to display it to the world.”
“The wise man can never be offended. If the comment mirrors a truth, or an aspect thereof, there can be no offense whatsoever. To the contrary, such thing will be welcomed with delight! And even if a discourteous person attacks the wise man with lies and profane language, either because of malice or because of ignorance, there is absolutely no reason for the wise man to be disturbed. Understanding and compassion for this unfortunate fellowman will be his most probable response.”
“শিক্ষা ও শিক্ষক, দুটোই জাতির মেরুদন্ড।”
“Invest In yourself by embracing who you are.”
“We often delay and sometimes even abandon the commencement of things entirely, primary because of the foreseeable end we have in mind.”
“With an agreement comes expectations, conditions, benefits, and consequences.”
“With an agreement comes expectations, conditions, benefits and consequences.”
“Menschen tun manchmal Dinge, die schlimm sind. Aber was den Charakter eines Menschen ausmacht, sind nicht die Fehler, die er begeht, sondern wie er sich anschließend verhält. Ob er daraus lernt, statt sich herauszureden”
“Sometimes we fail, not because we are Incapable of doing things or tasks. It Is just that we don’t have time to do what we should be doing. We spend most of our time, doing things that will derail us from doing the things that matters. Time Is the best Capital , to start any success or business.”
“Never give up on the commitment in which the happiness of others creates your inner satisfaction.”
“Life has a magical way of becoming more purposeful and meaningful when you transition from busying yourself to feed the ego to doing to truly make life better for yourself and others.”
“If you think you don't know yourself. Create an anonymous or catfish social media account. See what you do with the account. Watch closely how you behave or what you post with It. That Is the real you. That Is who you are .”
“Not making any plans In your life. It means you are good and alright on how your life Is right now. If you are not planning for your future. Your Future Is planning to fail you. Even If you have nothing. Always do something.”
“ And What Do I need." "Someone You can smell the sea with.”
“Stand up for the believe your matter of personal concerns that should not be appreciated for sharing publicly.”
“Co-existing is like interacting and living with beings of the other dimension.”
“I may preach within my quotes, but you don't need to listen.”
“Good people surrounding you are the real achievements; not the possessions.”
“True friendship never asks for valuable things from you, but what is valuable is the amount of time you spent in it.”
“Choose to validate yourself ,because people you are waiting to validate you. Might not know you. Might not know what you are doing or what are you trying to achieve. Might not understand you. Might not like or love you. Might not get you. Choose not to wait for Validation or approval from anyone. Be bold and confidence. Trust yourself and your ability.”
“Every life is a developing story until it’s all over. And you will always find the richest and most meaningful version of your story streaming on the faith and hope network.”
“Keep reading It's one of the most marvelous adventures anyone can have.”
“No matter how hard life gets, I tend to look at things favorably.”
“Be a dream of mine, for dreams are sometimes more beautiful than reality.”
“Education and teachers, Both are the backbone of the nation.”
“For to be a next event. It depends on this current event success.”
“Another good thing that philosophy offers us is the invigorating company of the great dead of the past, while – at the same time – it keeps us away from the soulless and trifling affairs of the alive ones.”
“The self that represents me in society is a combination of what I am, what I think I am and what I pretend to be.”
“To lovers out there … Please when you are In a relationship. Ask your partner that , They must not buy or give you a gift that will cost you your life and freedom from them. They must not do things for you or with you that will you cost you your soul, peace and happiness. They must not do things for you or with you , If those things means ,you must pay with your own life. They should not feel like you owe them something. Dying should not be the price you pay for loving someone or being a relationship with someone.”
“To lovers out there …. I hope you find someone who Is running towards you and who wants to be with you, rather that someone who is running away from someone, or something then find themselves with you. When the energy, effort and commitment is match In a relationship. Love is a beautiful thing.”
“Tension, striving and struggling for a worthwhile goal are positive; trying to close the gap between what one is and what one should become.”
“When self-esteem is fragile, hurt is frequent.”
“You become really thirsty ,when there is no water to drink.”
“be yourself cuz everyone else is already taken”
“No one lives forever; everyone’s best shot at immortality rests on knowing that every breath of life is a precious privilege to become a forever blessing to others.”
“When we're in here, when we're together like this, forget about everyone else because, unlike the world, I won't disappoint you, Marlow.”
“To understand the meaning of the Quotes or Sayings in their exact context and concept, one needs the wisdom and vision and the study of other cultures of the world as well.”
“I think we humans. We are not good at judging others . We should leave It to God, because we pass on judgement based on how we feel about the other person and how we physical see them, rather than what the person did. We are not passing judgement based on their actions, but we pass on judgement based on our own visualization, personal experience and our own interpretation. Matthew :1-5”
“Is your messaging, marketing and methodology both moral and transparent?”
“I find my mom praying a lot more. She always has her Bible nearby. That light seems to be back in my mom’s eyes . . . as if she’s living for some renewed purpose. As if something was missing this entire time, and she’s finally found it.”
“If you don't know where you're going, you will be everywhere and end up nowhere, and if you don't know what you're doing, you'll try everything and end up with nothing.”
“Before a risk becomes a threat, I suggest death penalty!”
“Jika kita tidak memilih untuk berani menempuh jalan tersebut, maka kita akan berada di atas jalur takdir yang lain, bukan”
“quote about goodness Confidence in the goodness of another is good proof of one’s own goodness.”
“Perfectly curated lives of others can tempt anyone to question their own fate. Knowing that life is not a competition with others is the key to finding the self-belief and courage needed to run your own race at your own pace.”
“Whatever excites you whatever calls you whatever fills you with a desire to make that is the place to begin; art will meet you there.”
“After a good night's sleep, a favorite morning often seems poised to give me more light to meet the opportunities that are still waiting for my dark side to shine.”
“Sometimes it takes a bleeding ulcer, to bring together a near-fatal relationship of a father and son, that has gone when the fists couldn't break through a seventeen year mirror, anymore.”
“Her beauty must have been exhausting and not to mention troublesome. Glitter swiftly made its way into the vibrant strands that graced her lavish eyelashes. Each blink, each pressing moment, time seemed to have stopped and I felt as if her charm could fill an entire room and with every set of eyes locked onto her, somehow the glare of her shimmering wet lipgloss could take care of everyones problems, at least for one evening. That as soon as her heavenly music flowed through their wine glasses, that they too were apart of something such bigger, much grander. I believed, when I stood beside her, I became more handsome.”
“The union two abysses does not produce a height.”
“Why would I do something for you. If I am not benefiting anything ? Why would I entertain you? If you are not entertaining me. As a kind person. I might do It for once , twice even three times for you for free, but I can't do it every time. That will only Imply that I am stupid and I am your fool.”
“Every great story has its unique set of destiny moments. And the best opportunities to build yourself a great story are often in those tough moments when you are tempted to give up on a worthy dream.”
“You can still be a cool parent without letting your children do stupid, wrong and bad things.”
“Letting your children make wrong decisions. It does not teach them a lesson In life. Your duty as a parent .It Is to make sure. That your child does not make decisions that will ruin their life or that will harm them.”
“Being a musician. It is about experiencing and trying something new always. Until that something sounds good and pleasing.”
“I have so many friends, and I still feel lonely”
“Infinite beauty, infinite adventure, infinite love— this is the realm of Creativity.”
“Nobody has enough money to buy time.”
“My first language is Silence. Second, Thought. Third, Speech. My first law is Love. Second, Love. Third, Love.”
“ And if I had no words, I would still say I love you… In more ways than three words.”
“The naive thinks that all wisdom lies within and no one can teach him. The wise became wise, because he accepted his nescience and opened his eyes to see the Wisdom and the Beauty around him.”
“A good proverb is often the marriage of a Truth to an Enchantment, where Humor is the groomsman and Irony the priest.”
“Our heroes move with fractured parts and pieces, too, we just follow in collective awe as they bend and shape them into comely mosaics.”
“If it means something to you  Treat it like it means something to you!”
“The loss of love smells like all the sweetness of life slowly fades away.”
“Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.' - Horace Mann”
“As long you have a reason to do something wrong or bad. You will forever do it.”
“It is such a shame that being evil , It Is fashion these days. Unfortunately that doesn't change the fact that whatever you sow. You shall reap. Either you are using fake or real account to spew hate and being vile. Creating fake narratives that doesn't exist or lying about something or someone. Spreading rumors. Speaking bad about others. Sharing their personal Information, downfall, secrets and struggles. It is either you are expressing yourself or you are doing this for clout, because you want to Increase your fanbase or number of followers or you want attention. You want engagement. You want to look cool to others. You want to trend. Whatever reason it maybe . Remember you shall reap, whatever you are sow. Galatians 6:3 - 7”
“If they tried walking in your shoes, they’d roll their fucking ankles.”
“Forgetting the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“The most highlight about my travel trips. It is not the places I had been, but It Is the people I had met, at the places had been.”
“Truth is we all have our flaws, and life is only beautiful to the degree we have room in our heart to accept others… with their quirks and all.”
“No one can help better than your mind No one can harm better than your mind”
“Now all I’m after is—words from the hemisphere, every type of vodka from La French to Belvedere. -Adam Shove, Interview in The Fall & Rise Of Chimeras”
“Remember the pain you felt. Never forget it; it will make you a better person. -Akshat Purohit, Interview in The Fall & Rise Of Chimeras”
“Creativity isn’t about being the best at something or even having talent. It’s about showing up, expressing oneself and flowing with the energy of the universe. Just do whatever feels good and enjoy yourself! -Aiden Bex, Interview in The Fall & Rise Of Chimeras”
“Never make people who gave you opportunities , regret what they did for you. That they end up, closing doors in helping others like you. Your failure In life, after you were given opportunities. Should be your own lessons learned. Should not be everyone's problems, burden and stumbling block.”
“Where people are making a living by killing others and hating on others. Being mean to others is a career these days. People are being paid to be mean, vile and cruel to someone. Those people are happy In pushing someone to the edge to be unhappy and miserable, because of their words or action. The very same people who preach be kind to others everyday. Choose to do better. Be careful, before you choose to support someone for being mean to others. They might be earning in recruiting you to hate. Being evil might be a good trend ,but it is a bad trait .”
“Being evil might be a good trend , but it is a bad trait.”
“The self which represents me in society is a combination of what I am, what I think I am and what I pretend to be.”
“To Lovers out there … Your physical eyes will see the person you like, and your heart eyes will see the love from the person you like.”
“En áls er dan ergens in moest worden berust, dan toch in de wetenschap dat zij eendrachtig waren in hun rouw; dat zij eindelijk van elkaar wisten dat zij niet treurden om de afloop en het scheiden, maar al hadden getreurd vanaf het eerste begin. Die synchroniciteit was troostend.”
“Life will be so beautiful, just marry someone who loves you instead of the person you love.”
“Jika kita tidak memilih untuk tidak berani menempuh jalan tersebut, maka akan berada di atas jalur takdir yang lain, bukan”
“Life is full of risks of self-inflicted vicious cycles, but when you are full of great virtues you know how to face even the most difficult situations in life.”
“In South Africa we have so much freedom and rights. I think South Africa It Is the only country where water and electricity is allowed to go on leave or to have some time off.”
“She owned who she was and accepted it. Then she went on and conquered the world.”
“If you ever get bored, punch an orphan. What are they gonna do? Tell their parent?”
“Anywhere you would like to go, anything you would like to do, Creativity can take you there.”
“Some people aren't meant to fight. They're meant to pick up the pieces.”
“Are you mourning over your own weakness? Take courage, for there must be a consciousness of weakness before the Lord will give thee victory.”
“The day you’ll start craving for a savior to deliver you is the day you’ll welcome any tyrant into your soul. Freedom is the game of the unsaved and the unsavable.”
“Of course, 1+1 makes 2 and blue to yellow gives green. But if we forget for a while the abstract knowledge or the laws of nature, and focus on the “knowledge” of particular situations, events, persons etc., then we can observe that it is almost never: “I know”; it is practically always: “I believe”. Humans and all the intelligent creatures of this world operate through beliefs, more or less justified, more or less true, more or less convincing. Because the biological apparatus of one hundred percent accuracy has not yet been “invented” in nature. And it never will.”
“Coming face to face with Ugliness can be a misfortune or a blessing. We can imitate it and be one with it; or we can feel repugnance and appreciate the Beauty once and for all!”
“Tell me how it feels to die, Adomis. Tell me  because I will never know.”
“Sometimes, you feel a memory before you see it. Even though your eyes can't quite find it, you can smell it and taste it, and hear it shouting to you from the back of your mind.”
“Free Auto Insurance Quotes 1 844-833-1088 - Call now Otto could save you over $100/month. Apply for all the insurance discounts. Fast and free. Get full coverage for way cheaper. Save over $100/month with rates as low as $19/month.”
“Remembering a bad past is not bad but carrying bitterness is a horrible thing for your betterment.”
“Blind Faith is not what you believe without knowing it rather you believe in something without questioning it.”
“It isn’t the presentation of what you do that matters but the heart that thinks about its impact on others that determines its potency.” @reenadossauthor”
“Penguins are birds endowed with flippers instead of wings - they can’t fly, but they are expert swimmers. Don't get caught up in others’ gifts and forget yours; if you haven't got it, you probably don’t need it.”
“Very little is needed to make a happy life, it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.”
“The more you keep your life private, the more at peace your life will become.”
“Bisogna salvare le ferite. Non lasciarle sole, sperdute nell’idea fissa della medicazione e della guarigione. Bisogna interrogare le ferite e aspettare le risposte. La risposta alla ferita siamo noi. I nostri gesti, le nostre possibilità accolte o respinte, i tremori e gli assalti rispondono tutti alle ferite. Perdere una ferita significa perdere una segnaletica importante per un viaggio dentro le orme dell’esistenza, un viaggio che ci accomuna e ci distingue, ci fa cantati, cantati dalla vita cruda.”
“When the path to a noble dream is challenging, there is never a shortage of reasons to give up. But if you never stop trying your hardest, as if the dream is just one step away, one day you will be right.”
“Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off”
“The stories of unicorns are buried under myth, legend and magic but did you know that they cannot survive in a place where Love, Truth and Freedom refuse to exist?”
“Dolphins are sunflowers of the water. They adore the Sun, they love the ocean and are kind to the land. They remind us to stay playful, keep our inner child safe and stand by loved ones.”
“Fire in seasonal weather can only be extinguished by the consistent waves of unwavering love.”
“Between the past and the future, we have now to correct ourselves.”
“best muniba mzari quotes Can Help You Turn Your Problems Into Opportunities”
“Happiness cannot be the goal because you already have it”
“You can do everything, this is not useful for you. if you don't believe it”
“If you want to know the power of an idea just know, that it can change your whole life”
“The biggest problem is thinking about the problem and thinking about the solution the greatest solution”
“Without trust, a relationship is on borrowed time, and so the wise keeps their meaningful relationships alive with ceaseless acts of trustworthiness.”
“And when I felt like I was an old cardigan under someone's bed, you put me on and said I was your favorite.”
“Humor and wit are the universal solvents of the serious and the scholarly.”
“Use a Condom, Not a Knife”
“In every experience, a lesson. In every lesson, Love.”
“Every time I begin to feel overconfident about a theory or an idea of mine, an underlying, somewhat uneasy feeling invariably visits me.”
“Be naked when I “cum” home.”
“on board a train wreck in slow motion dragging distances of time in phantom carriages behind it”
“TheBurlingtonFiles   #BetterThanBond”
“A billion colors yet still we lie knotted up in tones of gray. @reenadossauthor”
“One must first allow the presence of gray to take root, then release it to weigh its absence before being certain about anything. @reenadossauthor”
“Even if it turns gray, this paper mâché world still needs our splash of colors. @reenadossauthor”
“This stream is the hip joint for quoting quotes that are forgotten at the end of a cup of coffee.”
“Your life may suck, but it's not a reason to hate everyone.”
“To lovers out there …. When your partner comes clean and confesses with their addiction, problem ,something wrong they did or a mistake they made before you find out. I think you should not be punishing them. Instead, you should be helping them in how to overcome that problem and help them to make sure . It doesn’t happen again. For the fact that they came clean to you .It means they have seen their wrongs and are willing admitting to work on them for you. Honesty is another key in building a good relationship. Even thou sometimes .We might like the truth.”
“Hold a true friend with both your hands.”
“The mind is a restless generator of ideas, and it is so easy to get caught up in its busyness that we rush through life without grasping the bigger picture.”
“The practice of philosophy is often a tenacious effort in self-treatment and, to be honest, not always as efficacious as we would have wished it to be.”
“I have little confidence in those persons who speak of having received direct revelations from the Lord, as though he appeared otherwise than by and through the gospel. His word is so full, so perfect, that for God to make any fresh revelation to you or me is quite needless. To do so would be to put a dishonour upon the perfection of that word.”
“The human heart has hidden treasures, In secret kept, in silence sealed;­ The thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, Whose charms were broken if revealed.”
“We are not humans anymore; because we never behaved like one. We aren't animals either; because they won't kill anybody just for fun.”
“Don't die as if you were born.”
“God’s mercies to us are fresh and inexhaustible, every single day; and that’s a measure of who He is. The degree to which we welcome every day with a grateful heart, and a keen intent to make the most of our gifts, is a measure of who we are becoming.”
“Widespread popularity and acclaim is wonderful as long as it doesn't go to your head. No matter how rich and famous you become you are still expected to maintain a certain level of courtesy and respect towards other human beings.”
“I am just an ordinary guy with a high internet profile.”
“You are a successful author of quotes when they are routinely used in global media.”
“Most awkwardly, in the middle of all this [the Vietnam War], TIME reported that a group secretly financed by the CIA had funded Graham's Latin American crusade, which came as a complete surprise to Graham and prompted a repudiation: "I would never accept funds from any government agency," he declared, "especially the CIA.”
“In my free time I am changing the world.”
“Master the art of writing quotes to influence global consciousness.”
“Life is like a piano, you have to press the right key at right time and the music of life will be melodious.”
“In a world where we are partly shaped by those we associate with, being paranoid that everyone is a backstabber or naïve that everyone has our back is a life-draining mindset. What counts is the courage to walk away from people who don’t bring out the best in us.”
“Authors are our bridges to new worlds, awakening the unconscious to dream anew, casting spells upon passive minds to take action and guiding choices toward destinies unraveled. @reenadossauthor”
“How can we deny the light and its reach when it chooses to expand onto shadowed pages? @reenadossauthor”
“Books are doorways into new worlds cloaked in mystery and full of endless enigmas. @reenadossauthor”
“After paying the toll for life’s demanding price, will the dead descend or will warriors rise?” -A Warrior's Journey @reenadossauthor”
“Call it a home or sanctuary if you wish, but it is a glasshouse of palatial power that keeps you trapped within; for every stone that is hurled inside, can we repair cries and sharded skin to bleed new wine?” -The Walls Of Imprisonment @reenadossauthor”
“To escape from our submerged state, we must exercise resilience and courage beneath these pandemic waves. @reenadossauthor”
“When the sun has risen and set over happy days, will we let the night stealthy steal all known ways? @reenadossauthor”
“Pulled and thwarted from all directions, broken dreams get called fallen chimeras; but building anew will teach them how to rise. @reenadossauthor”
“Can hearts recover when their chimeras fall? @reenadossauthor”
“Chimeras become possibilities only after the breaking and shattering of old chains. Look at how they tear into ominous clouds without fear; witness how their freedom wings take them anywhere they want to go. @reenadossauthor”
“Keep growing for stagnation steals your potential and breeds boredom; add more to what you already know. @reenadossauthor”
“You can change the direction of the hourglass at any time. You can flip it over and over again as you switch the inner restart switch repeatedly. @reenadossauthor”
“There are lionesses amongst us that have crushed the snake’s hissing lies, ignored the goat’s horns of war and directed their pride of lions to victory. How can we not call them chimeras?” @reenadossauthor”
“The answers we give, mark our footsteps and illuminate the routes of taken paths. @reenadossauthor”
“How can we measure expression when words and art are all we have to define our existence in this world? Creativity has no edges or borders, only curves. @reenadossauthor”
“Rising chimeras are nothing more than candles melting fearful hearts. @reenadossauthor”
“Maybe we are just chapters in an epic story, yet the book wouldn’t make sense if we lost even one. Like how He created the first word in the beginning, the Author is the only one who knows how it ends. @reenadossauthor”
“Hope belongs to dreamers who believe in the future reality of chimeras rising. @reenadossauthor”
“Quickly capturing fleeting dark scenes, we bring others toward our galaxy’s light. We’d carry your hearts of pain there to paint them onto the night sky. Stars live knowing that hope exists within these moments of despair. @reenadossauthor”
“Be a gladiator, be afraid but fearless, brandish your sword of creativity and let your special arena/s of audience cheer you on. This is your time. Let’s enrich our world together with our translations of hope—writing, art, photography, creativity, perspective and discoveries. @reenadossauthor”
“Translate your battles onto blank canvases for there are others walking alongside you. You are their light when they want to give up. It’s okay to not feel okay, but please stay connected. @reenadossauthor”
“Under the gray microscope of twilight, all things are seen equally and measured for what they are. @reenadossauthor”
“Justice can’t be assessed within humanity’s frail rainbow of sight, it must be determined under the billion shades of gray upon a forgotten line that exists between wrong and right. @reenadossauthor”
“Would you journey to the ends of the universe to illuminate and reshape your destined path of gray? @reenadossauthor”
“Only gray voices remained after the war had drunk its fill of blood. @reenadossauthor”
“The wicked walk carelessly by day, sure of their getaway disguises; victims hide in gray, their wings spread wide under blue skies. @reenadossauthor”
“We are dust from the beginning and ashes in the end; a cycle of completion, no distinction, gray destination. @reenadossauthor”
“Gray is the fullness of the night, where many leaves breathe new dreams despite their fall. @reenadossauthor”
“Gray is the knowledge that nothing in this world exists in solid colors. @reenadossauthor”
“There are many sayings of things that are seen and unseen, but fewer still are those that speak of those many gray in-betweens. @reenadossauthor”
“Find the wild places of her heart, and set her love free.”
“Other Animals Live In The Present. Humans Cannot, So They Invented Hope.”
“Changing a word is normal, forgetting a word is unfortunate, but banning a word is dangerous”
“We say that a human being is a person and a distinctive, fixed self with a name and a life. He has an identity. But what is this self really made of, except from the basic elements such as hydrogen, carbon, oxygen, phosphorus etc. and their subatomic particles? If a person is a specific, static, unchanged entity and existence, then what if an accident or a disease completely alters his body features? What if fear or madness changes his thoughts and perceptions? If dementia takes away his memories, or if drugs alter his emotions? And what if life circumstances, good or bad luck, modify his motives, his plans and his desires? Is it still the person we say he is? Or is selfhood a ghost, a useful fiction of the brain? An ever-shifting kaleidoscope of thoughts, feelings and perceptions? Flashes of hopes and desires? A bundle of alternating opinions and ideologies, of conflicting instincts and urges? If we take away all these from him, what would be left behind? If every drop of the ocean evaporates, is not the whole ocean gone? The immutable selfhood is a very old illusion and the last of illusions we ‘re going to abandon; if we ever will…”
“To lovers out there …. Some people think being single means purity. It means you are a good , innocent person. It means that you are doing better in life, and everything is good. It means you are a strong person. You can manage everything that you don’t need anyone in your life. Having someone it doesn’t mean you are incapable, weak, vulnerable and you are dependent. Being in a relationship with the right person. It is life changing. It is the best thing that everyone should hope for. Two is always better than one. It is twice of everything good, with less effort, strength and time. Being single and alone should not be by choice, but should be circumstantial . Love it is a powerful and beautiful thing . You can benefit a lot from it and it can do lot of things for you.”
“To write to paint to make art of any kind, is a great and true adventure.”
“In truth, all I wanted to say was, I love you, and that is all there is to me.”
“Esta poetisa que jamás escribió una palabra y se halla enterrada en esta encrucijada vive todavía. Vive en nosotras y en mí, y en muchas otras mujeres que no están aquí esta noche porque están lavando platos y poniendo a los niños en la cama.”
“Do we have human rights or our rights are limited by those who think they have power over us. Those who think they are richer than us. Those who think they are smarter or wiser than us. Those who think they are more educated or more qualified than us and by those who think they are better than us.”
“A writer without inspiration is like a kite without wind. You’ll never get the story off the ground.”
“British bathroom designer Edward Lewis  went on to say, "The bathroom is the one room in which we are able to finally switch off from all that is going on around us and simply be alone with our thoughts, and reflect on the day. A chance to relax and wash life's little stresses, and above all, where inspiration strikes. It's an experience!”
“Learn to view life from a wider perspective. Sometimes you have to persevere through short-term pain to experience long-term pleasure, and sometimes what gives you short-term pleasure creates long-term pain.”
“To stomach the world for any prolonged length of time, one must either remain a child or become more than a man”
“Life is infinitely great but your problems make it small for you”
“I overthink! How I process thoughts. Just like how ruminants go through the process of regurgitation. yea, I fetch back events in consideration of different scenarios and perspectives, then I come up with a hypothesis where I rationalize and evaluate every possible outcome, in comparison with facts, then I go with the most accurate.”
“Just how fast the night changes :)”
“The tragedy of my life, and curse, is that I have all this love to give and no one to give it to.”
“Freedom starts when you are proud of who you are. As long you are not embracing and expressing who you are or your identity . You will never be free, wherever you are or no matter what you do.”
“Money is so adept at tempting heads with things that promise happiness never experienced before, but you will always find that things that bring true joy and fulfilment to hearts have no monetary value.”
“The wind does not break a tree that can bend.”
“War is not just about to shoot the gun and kill, it's a real chess game”
“I know me God and I know you see my heart I ain't afraid, nothing will tear us apart”
“Ve kelimeler, benim rüyagezerim  Eh, kelimeler her şeydir. Kelimeler üzerinde tepinilmiş, onarılması asla mümkün olmayanlara bile kanatlar bahşeder.”
“The reality of a situation may be completely different from what you are assuming.”
“Maybe they wanted to be there for you but they couldn't be because they were struggling too.”
“One mistake is all it takes for people to forget everything that you did for them.”
“Creativity has no edges or borders, only curves. @reenadossauthor”
“Should we not admire the unique design of every falling snowflake, instead of shoveling them aside to discard as Summer’s melting snow? @reenadossauthor”
“In Love, the Weaver creates and sets us free to shape ourselves without any conditions in how we ought to be; yet still we refuse to align to His ways when love was what gave us life for all of our days. @reenadossauthor”
“Our voices drown in chaos but our hands will find ways to speak; although the candles have all died out, this world will see our souls alit. -The Meadow Of Daffodils @reenadossauthor”
“Dead leaves give the feeling of relief that there's still something in the world, That’s also as devoid as you are Touching every leaf mark on the stem tells you a story Listen to it carefully That once there was a connection But with time And the change in the season Made way for the leave to fall off To change its color too To tell the stem that this is the time to take a leave To finally say "goodbye" And leave behind the faded scars That'll make way for the birth of new leaves To make another affiliation with the new companions.”
“You can not create something without love and expect it to be great.”
“Idol worship” is so deeply ingrained in the human brain synapses that it would be almost impossible to be bereft of it. And in absence of an external icon we are always going to look for it inside us. In fact, in many regions of the world this process is already in progress resulting in the pandemic of “self-admiration” and “self-deification” of our modern times.”
“To lovers out there … Most people invest in making the wedding to look beautiful rather than investing in making the marriage work. If you are about to get married. See therapist, marriage counsellors, psychotherapist , pastors and elders to prepare you and your partner for the marriage. Marriage it not for chance takers. It is for people who are in love.”
“Everyone wants their awesomeness to be universally celebrated, but achieving significance is often about developing a character that is confident enough to taste the most bitter truth from naysayers.”
“It’s easy to find faults in others but it takes a lifetime to correct ours”
“To make a home it takes several years, to make a house a second is enough.”
“Your most valuable assets go home at the end of the day. Create an environment where they want to come back tomorrow.”
“We develop the aspects of fire in our passions.”
“The cold, cruel war is raging wildly but I will sow seeds of peace again and again. Garden of hope I foresee and spring is always lovely.”
“Privilege and responsibility are inseparable twins. A privilege-rich, responsibility-free lifestyle is simply a fragile bubble which can burst anytime.”
“When we do smile, make it worthwhile.”
“Based on the Waste." By Aron Micko H.B Pure hot chocolate milk love to drink; I've got a pen and my time is to start to think. I forgot to take a vitamin C with zinc; However, the moment is starting to sync. I lost along the way, not doublethink; Imagination runs fast, stare and wink. The right brain forgot the word critic; In some laziness of the left brain link. I saw my pastel lose the color pink. I drop accidentally all colors shrink; The smoke coming in the door stink; My nose starts to smell some sink. My hand start to flow no more think; Drop someone's chocolate milk drink. I drew strange lady, a blink; Trying to waste my mom's ballpen ink.”
“Stop the violence and start from where it was started, PALESTINE. Stop the genocide and start from where it was started, PALESTINE Stop the persecution and start from where it was started, PALESTINE Punish the war criminals and start from where they were born, PALESTINE Stand with Every oppressed person and start with those who are first PALESTINE”
“There is so much to study and so much to learn, but we also must apply what we learned to fully understand it. By just applying it, It becomes our experience embedded in our memories. It won’t be easy to forget it. Put Into practice everything you learn. To remember it forever.”
“If you were never to say, “I love you,” then my darling, I would paint the Sun with the Moon and the Moon with the Sun. Oh! Then the Moon shall freeze the Sun and the Sun shall smolder the Moon. Then no certainties such as the day and the night would exist. Beloved, yes, time would die, if you say, “I don’t love you.”
“Let me sleep inside your eyes and be the bridge between your clothed realism and my naked dreams.”
“The more birds we have around us, the less anguish we’ll have within us.”
“Beauty expert is not just about make people beautiful even to make people more confident!”
“Beauty expert is not just about make people beautiful even to make people more confident!”
“The innate human desire to seek more or better means we never have everything we want. The irony is that one of the best ways to show we deserve what we want is to cherish and be grateful for what we have.”
“Attitude is not the only thing but it is one thing that can make a Simply Outrageous difference in your life.”
“More wealth has been created from applied knowledge and creativity than from hard work and labor.”
“The legacy of the life you live will be determined by the Time, Talent, Treasure and Testimony you give.”
“The goal is not to simply make more money. The goal is to make your money do more.”
“Those who advise you against taking risks are limiting your pathways to opportunity and wealth.”
“If you don’t teach children what to do with their money, marketing and advertising will gladly show them how to spend it.”
“You see what you have learned to see. You must learn more to see more. Your vision is only limited by your belief in what you have seen is possible.”
“Oh, the Simply Outrageous places you will go if you learn to save and invest your dough.”
“Amateur and expert master and novice what are these words to Creativity? It loves them all.”
“To be successful in business, you need to understand what you’re selling and you need to understand the people who are buying. And the more holistic your understanding, the more success the business will experience.”
“Pain is self-isolating, and it wants you to focus only on yourself and not give a thought to how your pain is affecting those around you.”
“Selama ini, kita selalu berpikir dan memperjuangkan agar memiliki hidup yang menenangkan. Sayangnya, kita lupa dan berjuang agar memiliki mati yang menenangkan.”
“In this world there are very few people who will hold your hand; others are busy pulling your leg. . . . In life, time comes when you feel that all of a sudden there are very few hands left. WHY SO? Now you know the reason!”
“Wisdom is not to know everything, but to know enough in order to stop taking yourself and the world too seriously. Wisdom could be the last and eternal Laughter!”
“Information does not make a philosophy, information only makes a memory, what makes a philosophy is the way ideas are rotated in the head, and this matter depends on different forms of experimentation, not on settled and codified ways of thinking.”
“A smart man knows when to be stupid.”
“That's the best way to know anything, although no one ever tells you that. No one ever says, "Just use the expansive feeling in your chest to understand what's true, and what you want, and where to go, and what really matters," because they're too busy forcing you to learn from books that they're choosing, and pointing at whiteboards that they're writing on, and encouraging you to ask questions from curriculums that they've set.”
“A good deed has to do with the results, altruism with the intentions. The good deed is, of course, what matters for the person in need or for society. After all pure altruism is rare and without a kind of benefit for the benefactor – even if that is just a pleasant feeling – charity would be almost impossible.”
“In Love we fall and in God we trust. The two have something special in common: people adore both conditions despite their irrationality or, to be more precise, because of their irrationality. For what is irrational keeps us often effectively in distance from the pure knowledge and perception of things. A purity that, exactly as pure heroin, can put us in grave danger, especially in high doses.”
“When love hits heart Whoever it is Has to fall There is no other option”
“May you find love from the right person. May you get to experience , what is it like to be loved by a good partner. Valentines to me it is like freedom or liberty day. There are lot of people who are celebrating it, but there are few people who had experienced it.”
“Only in Africa where people will think their future is in good by hands, by voting for a criminal who keeps on stealing from them, because of the association they have with the criminal.”
“Some political parties think being a politicians is about being corrupt. So they made corruption their mandate. The more corrupt you are . The more they will promote you to higher positions. The more they feel you are one of their own. You don't stand a chance or have a say if you are not corrupt within the party.”
“imagined sunshine would smell like this.”
“We all encounter those life-changing moments when our first instinct is to do what is easy or popular. And it is only when we take a leap of faith to follow the rocky road in front of us that we find hidden treasures we could never have imagined.”
“जिन्हें उगना होता है वे तो पत्थर का सीना फाड़ के भी उग जाते हैं और जिन्हें नही, वे अत्यन्त उपजाऊ भूमि में प्रयाप्त संसाधनों के बावजूद भी नहीं उग पाते हैं। आप भी आसानी से कंही भी किसी भी परिस्थिति में उग (सफल) सकते हैं। आप सम्पूर्ण हैं और आप मे प्रकृति को नियन्त्रित करने और चलाने वाली ईश्वर की असीम शक्ति निहित है। यदि आप सक्रिय इच्छाशक्ति के साथ किसी विचार को पकड़ लेते हैं, एक राह चुन लेते हैं और उस पर दृढ़ता से चलना शुरू कर देते हैं तो आपके लिए नए मार्ग अपने आप खुलते चले जाते हैं और आपकी सभी प्रार्थनाएँ, सपने, इच्छाएँ अन्ततः साकार रूप धारण कर लेती हैं। मैं परमेश्वर से प्रार्थना करता हूं कि आपकी जो भी चुनौतियां हैं, उन्हें पूरा करने में आप सफल हों। मैं उन से आपके उत्तम स्वास्थ्य, सुदीर्घ और मंगलमय जीवन के लिए भी प्रार्थना करता हूं।”
“Writing enables us to leave our mark on the world and reach into the future”
“There is a place in the heart that will never be filled and we will wait and wait in that space”
“I look into myself and find perfect emptiness”
“as I continue to consume - while the madhouses, skidrows and graveyards are filled with the likes of me”
“You will never get angry anymore the moment you realize that the life that throbbing in you and the other is one and the same.”
“Stop looking for the miracles outside. Turn inward and see, you will realize that you are the biggest miracle that ever exist.”
“The connectedness we have with one another is so existential that promoting the wellbeing of others enhances your own wellbeing too.”
“How many people we going to lose to death, because of Social Media or Cyberbullying. Those people were not weak . It is you who is toxic and evil. Social Media it is like a gun. Used carelessly. It takes a life.”
“The less you reveal, more the people can wonder”
“All violence is vengeance at heart; it is the regressive destination; once agapistic energies for progress collapse, creating more scapegoats to halt what cannot be truly halted until the evil sacred is overthrown again.”
“Sometimes crying out loud alone is the best feeling ever when nobody is watching.”
“You are only as good as your last performance. Be sex or any other sport.”
“Right step in the right direction takes you to the right destination.”
“If midnight snacks weren't meant to be had, why on Earth is there a lightbulb in the fridge? Ponder me that one.”
“I am actually trying my best despite the fuck-ups.”
“I kinda wanna but I don't, too, so  what do ya do? Easy. Don't do a thing.”
“Our own ignorance is the curse of the world.”
“Before you think you are surrounded by idiots, make sure that you don’t suffer from narcissism.”
“Death may be seen as a generous gift that is offered to us as a reward for our willingness to endure life and to play the game until the end. And if it’s true that after death there is only death, non-existence, that would be the holiest of all the blessings!”
“The only real freedom the human animal can achieve is the release from meanings. If we don’t have anywhere in particular to go, we can never be lost; if we have nothing to prove, we can never fail.”
“Sometimes I’ll lie awake at night and listen to the sound of the clock. The motor ticks on endlessly. What an unsettling sound it is when you’ve yet to find peace - to find solace. Sometimes no matter how exhausted my body is, no matter how tired my thoughts are, no matter how sore my brain and my heart are even then I still can’t fall asleep. Sometimes I wish for nothing more than to sleep. Please, allow me to slip away into the darkest corners of the world and let me be. Just let me sleep. You can close your eyes to the surroundings, but you can’t close your ears off to the sound around it. And sometimes the things you wish the most not to hear - are the loudest. They will not go away in the night and be silenced.”
“No one can take away your smile from you Unless you decide to stop”
“The best education is the education that makes you know reality, the best book is the book that makes you read reality, the best knowledge is the knowledge that makes you realize the reality and the best person is the person who makes you see reality.”
“Mi corazón aullaba como un lobo desterrado: sin manada y ninguna compañía, solo con los recuerdos vagos de los que alguna vez fue”
“Darling listen - I want you to wake up now  Oh, no.. you took me otherwise. I am not asking you to wake up early today & do the same thing you did yesterday, I want you to wake up in life  To wake up in life means to become more of yourself, to express yourself, to show the world how you're unique & the best, everyday. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “Things happen to me” to “I make things happen”… It also means to remain happy with what you have while working hard for what you want. To wake up in life means putting a full stop to “watering the WEEDS” & begin “watering the SEEDS”… It also means to stop over-dreaming & under-acting. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “what is missing” to “what you’re grateful for”… & giving your best shot to everything & achieving every single thing you possibly CAN! Good luck & Tons of Good Wishes!”
“Life is sometimes about moving on from a challenging experience wiser. The trick is to stop dwelling on the painful memories, so that we can move forward with the hard lessons.”
“Knowledge is a vessel deeper than the sea. A fool splashes in a pond and thinks he has the answers, but a wise man knows the only way to reach its depths is to ask questions.”
“They want us to suffer for the things .We can get from them without suffering, because they suffered getting them. That is the mentality that is holding us back. We don’t want to uplift each other. We want to destroy each other, especially those who are trying .”
“It is easy to control poor people and it is difficult to control rich people or people who can sustain themselves. Most government and entities they are trying to make people poorer , so it will be easy for them to bully and control those people. They want people to be dependent on them and to fear them. That is why almost every system .They put in place. It is not to enrich people, but it is taking more money away from people. Government will never give you financial freedom.”
“I think a playbook on how to create fear in people lives about a disease or variant. You must say it is scary, deadly, more transmissible, spreading rapidly , grows faster and more dangerous than any variant or disease.”
“It seems like news media strive on bad things, bad people or bad situation. They are always happy to report bad news. That will scare people. They like to install fear in people's live.”
“Metrics are like a course in a meal. They should satisfy the need or want for something.”
“Patience isn't a virtue, it's a colossal waste of time.”
“Life doesn't appear all at once. No one knows how the future will play out.”
“Some of your best weapons against unhappiness may be on the shelf of your own heart.”
“If you want to understand me deeply then go and read my quotes because they are based on me and my real life experiences.”
“Life is so precious, we all are having a very limited time. To access the knowledge of Truth & the Creation.The sooner you get it, the lesser you'll struggle in between the conflicts of Consciousness and Heart ”
“Circumstances vary; self-kindness does not. It is a constant.”
“Making money is not bad and should be an objective of the effort, just not the main objective.”
“The most meaningful things in life take time to manifest. When the process seems so slow, feeling frustrated and bitter will not speed it up, but falling in love with it has sweet ways of proving that time flies so fast.”
“Corruption is a root of all the problems a country faces.”
“If there were a way to claim what's mine and have no challenge over it, rest assured I'd have found it. Meaning there is no way and there will always be challenge for what's mine.”
“Sometimes courage is a quiet fight, a dim softness within you, that flickers even on your darkest days and reminds you that you are strong, that you are growing, that there is hope.”
“The best place to hide an answer is within a book, for few will ever find it but those few will be able to change everything”
“Waste yourself: give yourself to others!”
“And you will never know the depth of your heart until you are presented with the opportunity for revenge. Only then will you know what you are capable of.”
“Relations are beautiful only when they are not one sided.”
“English is about remembering, not about acknowledging.”
“At the end of the day or week or month what really matters is that you & your loved ones are safe & well, you have done your best & are grateful for being who you are & touching the world with your presence. I wish to repeat that your ability to think & behave in a normal manner, your sound health, your safety, your feeling great, your family & the ability to start anew matters most in life. Darling listen – at the end, also remind yourself that it doesn’t matter what you’ve done so far, what you choose to do from here will matter most to you & your world in times to come. Keep Smiling, Keep Doing Something Meaningful & Stay Blessed!”
“If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual. — Bobby J Mattingly”
“I don't rock. I diamond.”
“Life can seem like an open-book exam. Success then hinges on our capacity to extract and apply relevant lessons from a catalogue of other people’s successes and mistakes to whatever life throws at us.”
“”
“It takes courage to accept that you did something wrong.”
“Your perception about me is only your perception and not my reality.”
“Every soul has a purpose; A shared reason to be here. To leave behind a better world, Before time does disappear.”
“You can’t find me in someone else.”
“Khi bạn thực sự yêu thương một ai đó như máu thịt  Mất đi rồi  Hụt hẫng dài những khoảng trống không tên.”
“Giống như trận tuyết bên ngoài, càng rơi càng to, càng rơi càng mạnh, nhưng ngươi và ta đều biết trước sau cũng sẽ ngừng rơi.”
“Có thể nói rằng, một điều hết sức quan trọng là đừng quay lưng với bất cứ ai, vì bạn không bao giờ biết được những gì họ đang phải trốn tránh thế giới bên ngoài.”
“Good fortune is a precious flowering gift. And the wise knows that it blooms better when used as a force for good to make live better for others than when it is hoarded.”
“In a way it's not bad to realize that things can never be the same again.”
“Your arrogance can push even your closest people away from you.”
“Sometimes you don't want things to get better. You want them to get worse before you can finally get ride off them.”
“Crispy leaves, sufferings, but senescence It maybe fall, but it's more than just a fall Not snowing outside, but the cold dry wails The spilled maple syrup, slowly adsorbing in soil I've problems and circumstances, with the winds of west The blood, i can't resist it's flow The thoughts, i can't see without The ambition, I'm breathing I'd lift my eyes, but the sky won't forgive me Earth, mortal things don't own such pride Eyes carry a million thousand answers Music is a lie, listen to the silence This prolonged Saturday war, how would i bear my ink November, why would you leave me this Tuesday? Muscles carry nerves, there's such poetry within And here's a panalty, to live until next November”
“Don’t let your character ruin your career.”
“Choosing to hurt other people, who have not done anything wrong to you , because you are angry at them. Can block ways for you to progress and succeed. Can close doors and opportunities for you. Can also stop your joy and happiness. You are cursing yourself.”
“Love is free. It is the relationship that is costly . Depending on the person you are dating.”
“Quotes ride a tsunami of words.”
“Life is one giant hologram, and what we see depends on how we choose to look at it. So often in life, gratitude is less about the realities of our life and more about our capacity to look at these the right way.”
“We are only one piece in the puzzle of life with everyone’s piece being different but when the puzzle is done we are one tribe.”
“Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing”
“People choose to believe beautiful lies over bitter truth.”
“If your mind is not still, it only means you are ill”
“Whether he lives a long time or a short time amounts to the same thing, for the present moment is of equal duration for everyone, and that is all any man possesses.”
“Injustice results as often from not doing as from doing.”
“♫♫ “I have always believed in you. I have seen you grow. And you young lady are a star!” ♫♫ Mike starts singing with a reassuring tone. Sasha stops him and speaks gently. “No. Not me!” He continues his song as the music trails behind him. ♫♫ “If there’s anyone I know, who has the charm, who has the glow …it’s you!” ♫♫”
“Everyone arrives in the world ready to shine. But it takes knowing that your gifts aren’t just for you to fearlessly lose yourself in the service of others and leave the world brighter than you found it.”
“If your mind is not still It only means you are ill”
“„Nu vreau să plâng, ea nu ar fi vrut să mă vadă astfel. Îngenuncheat, distrus, departe de femeia care mai ieri îmi spunea că mă iubește. Sunt în aceeași încăpere cu ea, și totuși am impresia că suntem în două lumi diferite. Oare în lumea ei mai sunt prezent? Aș vrea să urlu tare și să îi spun că în oricare dintre lumile din acest Univers, dacă ele există, ea este prezentă în fiecare celulă a ființei mele. Unde ești, Angeline?”
“„ Nu vreau să plâng, ea nu ar fi vrut să mă vadă astfel. Îngenuncheat, distrus, departe de femeia care mai ieri îmi spunea că mă iubește. Sunt în aceeași încăpere cu ea, și totuși am impresia că suntem în două lumi diferite. Oare în lumea ei mai sunt prezent? Aș vrea să urlu tare și să îi spun că în oricare dintre lumile din acest Univers, dacă ele există, ea este prezentă în fiecare celulă a ființei mele. Unde ești, Angeline?”
“Nu vreau să plâng, ea nu ar fi vrut să mă vadă astfel. Îngenuncheat, distrus, departe de femeia care mai ieri îmi spunea că mă iubește. Sunt în aceeași încăpere cu ea, și totuși am impresia că suntem în două lumi diferite. Oare în lumea ei mai sunt prezent? Aș vrea să urlu tare și să îi spun că în oricare dintre lumile din acest Univers, dacă ele există, ea este prezentă în fiecare celulă a ființei mele. Unde ești, Angeline?”
“Illness disappear When stillness arises inside”
“Illness disappear When stillness arises within you”
“You are fortunate than many. Be greatful for that. Never complain in life.”
“Words are invisible, but they have enormous power to build someone up or tear them down. Truly confident people always find the right words to make others feel capable of more than they had ever imagined.”
“If you don't step forward you are stepping back.”
“Breath, The only thing that stays with you all the time throughout your life. We never realize it’s value when it is there. Once it stops permanently, you will not be here to realize it’s value.”
“Sharp-eyed gratitude never fails to see Grace revealed in multiple ways. And it never fails to inspire us to express appreciation for the pleasant things in our life, and to be thankful for the unpleasant things we are shielded from.”
“Words have become just hollow words”
“Wish you a peaceful new year”
“मैं आज अपने आराध्य प्रभु से प्रार्थना करता हूँ की ये नया साल 2022 हम सबके लिये सुगम रहे, सरल रहे, सरस रहे तथा मंगलमय रहे। हमारा हर प्रयत्न और हर कोशिश बेहद कामयाब हो। हमे और अधिक ईश्वरीय कृपा, उनके नए आशीर्वाद तथा उनका मार्गदर्शन प्राप्त हो। हमे नित्य नई आध्यात्मिक अनुभूतियां हों, हमे दिशा और स्पष्टता प्राप्त हो जिससे हमारा उन्नति का मार्ग प्रशस्त हो सके। हमारे जीवन मे प्रेम, ताजगी, उमंग, उत्साह, नई उम्मीदें, सौंदर्य, गीत - संगीत, हर्षोल्लास और उत्सव सदैव बने रहें। मैं उनसे आज ये भी विशेष प्रार्थना करता हूँ कि आप तन, मन और आत्मा से एकदम स्वस्थ रहें ताकि आप वह सब कुछ कर सकें और अनुभव कर सकें जो आपके लिए योग्य है और जो आपके लिये संभव है। मेरी उनसे प्रार्थना है कि पूरे साल आपके चेहरे पर मुस्कान बनी रहे। नववर्ष की एक बार पुनः हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं।”
“Your problems in life start. When you do things in your life to be seen by other people and for other people and not doing it for yourself pleasure, accomplishment, satisfaction, achievement or success.”
“Procrastination is a silent dream killer. And sometimes the only way to avoid a great dream being snuffed out is to make today that one day you’ve been promising yourself to take that first baby step you know you need to take. ~Tunde Salami”
“People are not broken to be healed, They just need to be understood and to understand.”
“From today, I want you to wake up each morning feeling great & come home feeling fulfilled. Darling listen – you can do this easily by doing more of those things that are meaningful & purposeful, instead of just doing useless things for the sake of doing. I repeat – I want you to align all your thoughts, routine & actions from today with your real priorities, intentions & only with what you want in life or this year. So get up! Get up now & do something that moves you closer to things you wish to experience, feel & achieve. If you don’t have goals (wish list), make some today itself & begin to focus on them. Take action, take MASSIVE action everyday to achieve your full potential in this year. I pray & wish that you free yourself from whatever holds you back & achieve more success & have a healthy life ahead. Good luck & Tons of blessings.”
“I tried to come up with a smartass quote and ended up on someone's shoulder.”
“When someone pays you to vote for them. They are actually buying you out of power. Once they win the elections. You won't have power to do or to say anything, because you would have traded your voice, rights and power , by that time they gave you money. They can do and say as they please . You can't object. They bought that power and bought it from you. So they own you.”
“If air moves everything, Who moves the air? Drop your thinking cap Meditate! Slip into the gap Creator self realised  Creativity #Mickeymized!”
“Peace is white sun reflections on summer pear trees, and ocean mist droplets defying gravity by air currents. Peace is caffeinated goodbye-kissing and velvet smiles laced with credence. Trumpet horns sound off the coming of Blue Jays, Swallows and Chickadee’s. And there is no sadness echoing within or without. There is a taste of God in every grass blade and car horn raging in the city. The stop lights are all green, and there are children playing in the fountains. A dog laps my hand, and finally—I remembered what it’s all about.”
“Everything must have a beginning to be done and to exist, and the beginning of everything in your life It is you. You need to do something. It all starts by you.”
“Now that I have died by one's hand I must learn to live by my own”
“The act of slowing down filters and simplifies so we can priorities.”
“If someone has the freedom to insult you. You also have the freedom, whether to take it or not. No one can insult a man who is not ready to take it”
“If someone has the freedom to insult you. You also have the freedom, whether to take it or not”
“No one can insult a man who is not ready to take it”
“And you told us: the storm is rising against the privileged minority of the earth, from which there is no shelter in isolation or armament and you told us: the storm will not abate until a just distribution of the fruits of the earth enables men (and women) everywhere to live in dignity and human decency. ”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank. Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“Don't measure your success through the money that you have accumulated. Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank or through the followers that you have Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“Deeply in love with art”
“Words have the power to transform the person Words have the power to heal the person Words have the power to break the person Words have the power destroy the person Words reflects the content of your heart Let your words pass through your heart before speak”
“If you remain unconscious, asleep, you bound to suffer. To come out of all your suffering, all you need is consciousness”
“We eat unconsciously, we speak unconsciously, we walk unconsciously and we do everything unconsciously because we are full of unconscious inside To change your life, learn to live consciously every moment”
“Wake up from sleep. Be conscious about your thoughts, emotions, actions. Do every action with awareness. Let your whole life become full of awareness.”
“Let your whole life become full of awareness.”
“Some speak to inform some speak to influence some speak to entertain some speak to persuade some speak to enlighten whatever the reason it may be Before you speak. Let your words pass through your heart”
“What you see will remain imprinted in your mind and will have impact on you in many ways, so be cautious about what you see and watch”
“Misunderstanding is common, it is going to happen and almost inevitable because there are billions of people in the world and each has their own mind, not alike”
“If one lives moment to moment in totality, then there will be no guilt or regret in life.”
“Never judge someone. You never know what other people are going through, unless you walk in their shoes.”
“It’s easy to find faults in others but it takes life time to correct ours.”
“Never harm anyone or any creature. Treat everyone the way you treat yourself”
“You have the right to live but you have no right to harm any creature on this planet. Never harm anyone or any creature.”
“How would you feel if someone harms you? Every creature also feels the same way, the way you feel. Suffers the same way, the way you suffer. Never harm anyone or any creature.”
“Whatever happens to body affects mind. Whatever happens to mind affects body. By mastering body and mind one becomes master of life”
“Unconsciousness only creates slavery. Only consciousness brings mastery over life”
“You will remain a slave of your mind unless you are constantly alert and aware”
“There is never a better time than the present to improve your state of being, to walk into the best of what you & that potential of yours have to offer. Darling listen, you possess limitless potential. You can be & do anything you want. Remind yourself this now & everyday – “There is always more of me to call upon.” I want you to enter in 2022 with a positive & fearless attitude. Let you resolve to co-create & lead your life from front allowing it to bring a fresh bout of excellence to your life. I am praying for a better 2022 for you & the world. I sincerely wish & hope for an end to covid & some of our other difficulties in the New Year. Wishing you more happiness, wellness, prosperity & fulfilment in the coming year & always. Blessings!”
“Past is just a memory. Future is just an imagination. Only present is the reality.”
“Usually we never realize the value of something when it is available We know it, when we lose it.”
“Usually we never realize the value of something when it is present We know it, when we lose it.”
“We never realize the value of breath unless we stop. Once you stop breathing completely, you will not be here to realize it’s value.”
“Sad generation is confused. Why they have to do wrong things, unnatural things. They have to be ill-mannered, uncultured, disrespectful, arrogant and have no morals and justified it by saying. They are practicing their freedom and rights. They are brave, bold, strong, confident , and have self esteem.”
“There is a great difference between hearing and listening. When you hear, words just pass through your ears. When you listen, the words touch your being”
“People understand according to their understanding level”
“Love happens when two hearts melt as one Love happens when two hearts beat as one Love happens when two hearts unite as one”
“Silence is beautiful. But sometimes what makes us feel loved are words of comfort by someone we love.”
“Hating someone is easy but loving is the most difficult thing. Carry a heart that never hates”
“I find authoring quotes to be one of the most effective forms of communication.”
“Developing quotes is a passion.”
“You will always find that one of the easiest ways to make your life more fulfilling and meaningful is to make life more joyful and meaningful for others. It is one of life’s many paradoxes – just leverage it!”
“Hate never dispels hate. Only love does”
“People who are driven by hate. They always crush. Always get hurt. Always self destruct. Always heartless, Always, bitter, Always negative, Always unreasonable and always making stupid decisions.”
“The truth is what it is, and it demands good old-fashioned values from us. So, dressing up what we would love to be true as the truth is always an exercise in futility in the long run.”
“Where there is logic there love can not exist Where there is love, there logic can not exist”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank. Measure your success through the stillness of your mind”
“Commandments are for those who don't know how to LOVE”
“Life without an enquiry, Life without quest and search for truth is simply wasted”
“If you are not following your heart means you are moving towards failure”
“Every minute decision that you take matters, and it shapes your reality and makes a big a difference in your Life”
“As consciousness continues to move higher and higher. Truth starts to reveals on it self”
“No one come into your life accidentally Some come into your life to learn from you Some come into your life to teach you”
“Whether you believe or disbelieve. You reach nowhere”
“Whether you believe or disbelieve. You will be on the same boat. You reach nowhere”
“Follow your heart. Because Your guide is inside”
“There are no shortcuts in life. The more you want to go higher and higher. The more you will fall down again and again”
“Meditation is the key to unlocking all mysteries of life”
“People understand according to their level of understanding”
“Don't hate someone just because they don't think like you.”
“It is ok to stop wanting the people you wanted once. Specially when you know that neither you, nor they, are still the same.”
“Deeply in Love wit Art”
“You attract your dominant thoughts.”
“Today someone had asked me who my person was. I thought about the question for a moment and said, ‘I am.’.”
“For that one person in life, we all break our rules.”
“On the left hemisphere of the brain: 'Because it knows less, it thinks it knows everything.”
“To lovers out there … People are avoiding love and avoiding relationships, because they think they will be hurt , but they are hurt by life as we speak. Life is hard, Life has challenges ,Life has problems or obstacles. You don’t have to go through everything alone. You can’t do everything alone. It will break you. It always good to have someone to help you. Someone to talk to. Someone who sees things differently. Always best to get second opinion. Someone to lighten the burden, to take the stress away. The solution of most of our problems in life. Is to get the right partner.”
“Fear is the opponent that standing between you and next level of your life. It is the only thing that stopping you to move forward”
“It’s easy to misunderstand and misinterpret than to understand”
“The greatest enemy of your life is your own mind in case if you don’t know how to keep it still”
“Love  Powerful enough to ruin you, Soft enough to inspire you.”
“Watch your thoughts. What you are now is result of your past thinking, how you will be depends on your present thinking”
“You can choose not to spent this festive season alone. You can choose to spend the remaining days of the year with your loved ones. With your family, friends, children or partner. With the people you think they matter to you. You can choose to spend it. With other people.”
“As a child we may have had wonderful thoughts of our dreams. As an adult we are held accountable to achieving those wonderful thoughts of our dreams we had as a child.”
“If you think you can, you can. If you think you can't, you can't”
“When the ego has you in its grip, it can distort any reality to make you feel you are the smartest person in the room. But listening with curiosity is the smartest way to show genuine respect to others and gain true wisdom.”
“I would define reconcile as means of closing the wound and allowing it to heal. The scars will be there to remind you that you were once hurt. But the pain of the wound will be gone. If we don’t reconcile. It means we are not allowing the wound to heal. We will experience the pain every day . Even if the people who hurt us are no longer there or no longer hurting us. Let us reconcile, so we can no longer feel the pain and hurt. But most importantly . Let us reconcile so we can build our families, communities, societies, nation and our countries.”
“I wanted to write about someone I miss - and even the ink refused to remember - so, in the end, I was left with nothing but empty pages; with the greatest words in my mind”
“Art is the expression of heart”
“Art is an expression of heart”
“Gratitude is an easy to overlook glorious one-way street that you can count on to take you to places beyond your wildest dreams.”
“If they are happy without you then you need to learn to be happy without them too.”
“Letting down someone who trusts you is worse than letting down someone who loves you.”
“Never compare yourself with anyone. Neither you find someone like you in the past nor someone is going to be like you in the future. You are born unique.”
“Meditation is the key to unlocking all mysteries of life.”
“Happiness never decreases by sharing. It only gets multiply.”
“Now that we are left with very few days in this year, it is a perfect time to count all the beautiful things, people & blessings that you have in your life & just focus on them today. Darling listen – I want you to remind yourself of how rich your life is in all the ways that matter. Let you get rid of all the unnecessary toxic thoughts, negative emotions & lower energies so that you can attract better things, events, people & loving experiences in the year ahead. I also want you to resolve to spend more time & energy on your priorities & your life’s real missions rather than on anything else. I wish & pray God to always surround you, your loved ones, home & possessions with His powerful divine protecting light. Let the seasonal magic in the air flood your heart with joy & happiness. Blessings!”
“Be a student of life and be willing to learn. Be teachable. People who don’t learn are dangerous . They keep on making the same mistakes over and over. Until those mistakes becomes their decisions, and those decisions becomes their habits. They are not learning, because they think they are smart than everyone, but the outcome or results says otherwise.”
“Opinions that have no foundation in truth kill more dreams than lack of talent. And it is by listening to our heart that we often find deep-rooted reasons to own the power to make our dreams come true.”
“Who goes on living unconsciously miss everything that is beautiful in life”
“Much of our suffering comes from unconscious way of living. If you want to come out of all your suffering. You have to move higher and higher into consciousness”
“Mind is useful as long as you use it wisely. Instead of you are using your mind, you are being used by your mind”
“Don't throw your anger on someone, whatsoever you do to others is going to fall upon you, you only suffer by your anger”
“Nothing can separate true relationships not even distance”
“Drop all your seriousness. Love and laugh whole heartedly so life becomes joyful again”
“We all make mistakes at any point of our lives knowingly or unknowingly. Learn from your mistakes and don’t repeat them”
“Whatever you do. Do it with absolute attention and absolute involvement. Put your whole heart into what you do”
“Don't be in hurry. Good things take time and requires a lot of patience. Whatever significant in life comes very silently. All you need is patience”
“Life becomes adventurous when fear disappears. If you can shatter the only one thing, then there will be life that is waiting you dreamed of”
“Nothing is wealthier than health in life. Take care of your health first then think about the rest of things later”
“Pay attention to what you eat. Eat only that keeps you healthy. Eat only that nourishes the body. Only Healthy food nourishes the body and the mind”
“You will not be free, unless you make a great effort to come out of the conditioning that forced upon you”
“Beautiful thing about the children is, whenever they want to laugh, they laugh, whenever they want to cry, they cry. They don’t know how to act. So be a child again”
“Never compare yourself. Neither you find someone like you in the past nor someone is going to be like you in the future. You are born unique”
“Love happens without any logic. We don't know when it happens, why it happens, where it begins, but it happens without any logic. That’s why we call “Love is blind”
“Life is personal; nobody else can experience yours for you. And if you never lose your childlike spirit, you never give up on your big dreams, no matter how pointless this might seem to others.”
“You can lie to others but you can’t lie to yourself. Be honest with yourself”
“Be content with what you have. Appreciate what you already have and where you are in life rather than complaining or wishing things were different”
“Nothing matches to the happiness that wells up within, when you share without expectation”
“Each one of us fail in many situations in life. Even some of the most successful people in the world are not an exception. Admit your failures, Learn from them and turn your failures into lessons”
“The more you try to escape from your problems, the more you become entangled with them and you create new problems that are not existed in the first place. Never run away from your problems, face them”
“Learn the language of the loving and sharing Learn the language of the silence and stillness Learn the language of alertness and watchfulness. Learn the language of the awareness and consciousness. Whatever you learn other than that you are simply wasting your precious time”
“Life is continuous process of change. If you are afraid of change means you are afraid of life. Don’t resist change, embrace it”
“Your life will remain same and nothing new is going happen unless you change your habits”
“Good things definitely unfold for people who are devoted to do great things”
“If you want to see the change for the better, you have to take things into your hands and break the chains of fear that holding you back”
“Whether you want to live a happy life or miserable life. It's your choice. It all depends on what you choose”
“Don't wait for a perfect decision. In life there can never be perfect decision. Take decision and make it perfect”
“Don't throw the responsibility on somebody else. You alone are responsible for anything and everything that’s happening to you”
“You are the creator of your life. You are the creator of your destiny. No one else is responsible. We create our lives based on the choices we make, the decisions we take and the actions we do”
“Life is an opportunity to know Life is an opportunity to be Life is an opportunity to grow Life is an opportunity to bloom Life is an opportunity to find yourself Life is an opportunity to transform yourself Don't miss the opportunity”
“Life is more than just survival. If you are struggling to just survive, then life has no significance, even birds, animals, all creatures survive without any worry. Why are you just worrying about survival”
“Whatever you do, Just do it totally. Pour your whole attention into whatever you do. Be total. Don't hold yourself back Live totally. Live intensely”
“She had the courage of a diamond, that shines in the dark. In lights, even a glass is shinier.”
“If it feels as though your heart is too big for this world, you are in really good company.”
“We’re not really a very intelligent species when we destroy our home.”
“You knowing the people who do bad things and talking about them. That doesn’t make you a good person. You doing good things to others and being good to others. That does make you a good person. You regarding yourself as a good person and others as bad people, because you disapproved of someone actions or doing. You don’t weigh yourself as good person , because you do good, and you are good to others. You say your good , because you oust those who do bad, not that you do better yourself. Your righteousness comes after judging others, not that you doing right. It does not come from your own act or doings. You need to do better. Being a good person, it comes by you saying something or doing something. It doesn’t come by you judging others. Galatians 6:10 | Ephesians 4:32”
“What a sad generation. In the olden days. We used to learn from our mistakes. These days you get canceled for your mistakes.”
“The hate of the dark nights will not defeat the love of this sunrise.”
“You reap what you sow is a timeless compassionate alert to humanity. Be wise to live each moment as if it were your only chance to shape your destiny.”
“See the truth, see not lies, Don't be a fool, be wise!”
“My heart is the expert, my head, the conspiracy theorist. Neither one is always right, but I know which one I’ll be listening to.”
“Life is too short. If you have to be anyone, be yourself.”
“No amount of material possession can guarantee inner peace. But gratitude for what we have, and patience with noble dreams yet to come true, will always lead us to the wellspring of bliss within.”
“For some people the only source of joy is seeing you fail.”
“Darling listen – today, I want you to step out into the world with the intention to form a heartfelt connection & do something self satisfying. Remember – every stranger is one conversation away from an acquaintance & one coffee or drink away from your friendship. Try it! I want you to use your smile, sense of humour, witty & chirpy nature to be the centre of attraction today (in fact everyday). Let your good deeds, good thoughts, happy heart & the smile on your face bring good cheers & joy in your world. Stay amazingly blessed!”
“Damn left hand does not know what the right is doing”
“Life these days .It Is not longer about being free and living the way you want to, but It is about who can make other people feel more uncomfortable. Who can cause a scene or be more dramatic. Who can command the most attention from others. It is all about all eyes on me.”
“There’s no need to make your bed and lie in it if there’s still a chance to get what you want,”
“Most racism is pushed through media houses. Check the heading, wording and pictures they use, even the cartoons. Infect, I am starting to think. There is no media that likes black people or people of color. They might downplay it and say it is click bait, but how messed up are you . To use racism as click bait, unless you are racists yourself and see nothing wrong about it.”
“SELF DESTRUCTION IS BETTER THAN SELF RESPECT.”
“A cancel culture is people who have failed in life. People who failed to accomplished anything good .People who have failed to be themselves and to accept themselves. There is no successful person, Who can try to take away someone's plate or who can try to destroy what someone has built, because they know what does it take to accomplish and to achieve something.”
“Everyone is born in the right place, at the right time, with a one-of-a-kind mission. The core challenge is to fall in love with our unique mission, so that we can recognise the right people and situations lined up for our success with utmost ease.”
“When we enjoy the little things and make ourselves happy. That's the happiness.”
“Life is better. Be Happy!!! (Journal:) by theamitkumarswords”
“Top 7 Things For An Entrepreneur Are: Passion, Vision, Obsession, Salesmanship, Compassion, Contagious Energy And Resilience. If You Have Them, You Will Be Able To Withstand Any Weather.”
“Striving to live for everyone’s acceptance all the time is like burning your soul out to keep others warm and comfortable.”
“The most bad thing about Corona virus now. It is that .It is making all the bad and evil people rich. Which means bad people won't allow good people to find a cure or wont allow Covid to end. They will do everything in their power to make sure that Covid continues forever , because it is making them more richer.”
“Let your words pass through your heart before you speak”
“Present is the only time to live, only time to be. There is no time other than now. Be in the present”
“Never worry about Future. Tomorrow never comes. If you do well in the present, future automatically blossoms out of present”
“Stop worrying. Worrying can't solve your problems, instead of it makes more worst. Remember nothing is permanent in this world, not even your problems and worries”
“Time never stops for anyone. It is slipping out of your hands every moment. Every moment is precious so make sure you use it wisely”
“New adventures, new memories. New knowledge, every fall. But seeing you again, was the best of them all.”
“When the leaves start to fall, our heart beat starts to rise.”
“I wonder if the sea, Looks to the moon too, And thinks of me.”
“Swirling soft pinks, in silky drinks. Cotton candy sky and precious winks.”
“The problem is that you guys are taking advices and making conclusions. Based on statements made by people who are pushing an agenda.”
“It’s human nature to want to be right and prove everyone else wrong. It’s wise to know that you cannot find peace of mind by giving everyone else a piece of your mind.”
“To lovers out there   Some people in a relationship, lose their partners by substituting Instead of adding to what they have. Once they have fame, money, car, house, beauty, job, friends . They substitute respect , treatment, love and care in relationship with those things. That is why ? The relationship becomes sour and dies.”
“Believe it, 'til you see it.”
“Protect your mind. Protect your time. The value is, The peace in your life.”
“Trust the solitude, Sometimes it can bring you back to you.”
“The hardest thing of being a man for me is not knowing you have done or said something wrong, but everyday being persecuted for it . A man can never defend himself for any wrong doing, because even the guilty ones claim they are innocent. Yet true innocent ones, always get wrongfully convicted. While guilty ones walk free.”
“Money can empower anyone to do lots of virtuous things, but endless accumulation of money to feed their ego will have a virtuous person do anything for money.”
“Life reveals itself to us in waves of seasons and milestones, some seemingly joyful or painful in the moment, but the true meaning of each wave in our unique story often only becomes obvious in hindsight.”
“No one truly has nothing, and no one truly has everything. Choosing to feel blessed for what we have is a proven attitude for making everything we truly want possible.”
“The magic power of treating others with graciousness means when we don’t reserve the gesture for only those we think can do us a favour, we always have a great chance of encountering great people and great fortunes in unexpected places.”
“Accurate self-perception is where success begins. As we find the courage to stop buying into other people’s limited perceptions of us, we start to change the way we think about ourself and find the confidence to pursue the right possibilities for us.”
“Play a game of chess It's for like-mindedness If you lose, you played the quest If you win, you get blest" - Contemporary_9”
“Play a game of chess It's for like-mindedness If you lose, you played the quest If you win, you get blest”
“Success and failure are two sides of the same coin. And a sweet victory is often preceded by a defining moment when the pains of a crushing disappointment also strengthen us to try again.”
“God has absolute wisdom and power in all situations, including those that can give anyone sleepless nights. And when we put in our best efforts and then put our trust in God, the stage is set for Him to showcase His Grace, as only He can.”
“Our problems, We choose to judge and laugh at other people. Instead of choosing to help and to support them. Especially , When they are going through some things.”
“Genuine kindness is the healthiest blood type for humanity. One random act of kindness can circulate through humanity forever, begetting its kind and nourishing everyone it touches along the way.” ~Tunde Salami”
“Some will wish you to remain far under ocean depth. Far from surface of voice or taking a breath. Let the storm within you stir the waters below. Let the bubbles carry you, rid approval and begin to grow.”
“The embers in your soul, they're still lit. You must protect them, with every last bit. For your elements are beyond all their doubt. Reignite your fire, their judgement will burn out.”
“2020: Feet grounded, same space. Feeling lost, at a glacial pace. You're not alone ”
“To delight in earthy pleasures, Exposes how delicate humanity really is.”
“Trust your journey. The best view is during, not after.”
“The only time . I will be proud to be a man. Is when every women is safe and comfortable around me.”
“Words can protect or kill people.”
“Words can protect or can kill people.”
“Your dreams are free but the hustle is sold separately.”
“Soul and Pen" My white soul stop for something; The black pen started to do a thing; My few thoughts wait for the timing; Happy to catch a glimpse it's coming. Date: 11162021 By:Aron Micko H.B”
“Sometimes we get punished even for being honest and telling the truth.”
“There's a beauty in achieving the unachievable.”
“Stop caring much about someone who wouldn't think twice before hurting you.”
“Admire people who challenge you.”
“We don't realize our strength until we have to be strong to save someone we love.”
“Life is a Journey; Travel Bravely”
“If you want to look at me, I want you to look at me not only in the eyes. I want you to look at me like you can see my once shattered soul, and trace everu crack it in with pure intentions. I want you to look at me like you can see the scars in my heart. I want you to see how broken it was, how it bleeds. I want you to understand my bruises and see all the marks from my wounded past. And lastly, I want you to ask yourself, would you still want to look at me the same way?”
“In our hearts we all know if we are right or wrong.”
“And they think they knew me. How sad, I thought I knew myself too”
“Those who are unhappy expect. Those who are wise accept.”
“Never apologize for someone's wrong interpretation of your right words.”
“Love makes you happy But it also makes you sad Love can be beautiful But it also makes your life miserable Love can break your heart But it also mends the broken heart Love can bring a new life But it can also kill or ruin someone’s life”
“Quotinism started with a picture and morphed into words.”
“Words are only a quote away.”
“Learn more about Yourself than others”
“How can I cheat on a love bed of honesty?”
“Most of the things people say they love. Are things they don't have. It seems like we love things that are beyond reach, once we attain them. The love for them dies.”
“I didn't call to say, "I love you." I just called to hear your voice.”
“You can do anything, When you put your time and mind into it. When you are focusing doing it or making it work. When your concentration is on it. It will work and it will happen. Nothing is impossible, something is always possible.”
“If they haven’t done, what you are doing. Then what they say to you about it .Shouldn’t matter. Because they might not an idea on what they are talking about.”
“To lovers out there   Some people are good people  , but it doesn’t mean they are good for you. Some people may be bad to you, but it doesn’t mean they are bad people. It means you were not compatible. Its matter of compatibility. A piece of a puzzle always fits somewhere, if it is not fitting on the puzzle you are having. There is always someone you are compatible with out there, If you haven’t found that person yet.”
“Don’t give me any advice. I just want you to understand me and my situation.”
“A quote equals a good book”
“Ego never accepts the truth.”
“One of life’s greatest obstacles to fulfilment is the habit of getting so caught up in the illusion of how others are doing while taking the reality of how well you are running your own race for granted.”
“Every day is a precious gift from God, and how we spend every day is how we spend our life and truly express our gratitude to Him.”
“It’s so easy to confuse the messenger with the message. And sometimes when too many people for our liking are screaming the same message at us, the wisest thing to do is to ponder and grow from the message, even if we can’t stand the messengers.”
“Regret and guilt can’t change the past. Anxiety and worry can’t shape the future. Our greatest power to redeem the past and shape the future always lies in our one chance to make the most of the present.”
“Art and literature are curses that we love.-Aron Micko H.B”
“We don't need to be in a relationship to express our love for each other. Let's just vibe right now until we're both ready to be in a relationship.”
“When you ask someone a personal question and they don't know the answer , but they suppose to know the answer. They get offended. People don't say they don't know .When it comes to personal questions.”
“Trusting someone isn't your fault. Trusting them again is.”
“Loving is easy only when you are receiving love too.”
“Truth never damages a cause that is just.”
“To live a fulfilled life, you must be willing to let God have complete control of your life.”
“Don't make someone miss you so much that they stop wanting you back.”
“We all have regrets in our lives.”
“Don't do what everyone is doing. Do what you think will work for you.”
“Be firm with your decisions not rigid.”
“Those who say they will not vote or they prefer not to vote. It is either they are privilege or they are talking from the point of being privilege.”
“Recognizing that two points of data are connected is not enough. The System must ask why one point affects another.”
“Artificial Intelligence is not a new wave of technology. It is much more like a Tsunami that threatens to flood us if we are not mindful.”
“And how brave you are for letting go of everything that's no longer for you”
“Anger has duration. If that duration time has elapsed. The anger goes off and becomes hate. Don't be angry for too long. You will end up hating people for no reason.”
“No Matter How Worst Your Life Is Passing, Always Remember, The Living You Have Today Is Already Some People's Dream.”
“Work Hard Coz, World Is Full Of Ordinary People And There's No Fun In Being Like Everyone Else. Trust Me!”
“Courage is fear that has said it's prayers!" Pastor Richardson The Two Brothers - Knights of the Rushing Wind”
“You can take the monster in me, can handle it and deal with who I truly am. That takes guts, and if you think I'm stupid enough to tangle with a woman who I know is perfectly capable of severing a man's testicle with a shoe, then you're the crazy one. Not me”
“Mapping my career was my craziest travel story.”
“You can never grow by putting others down.”
“I think you’re wonderful,’ James told her. ‘Can I ask you one special question?’ ‘Please do.’ ‘Well, is it really true that I can tell how old a Ladybird is by counting her spots?’ ‘Oh no, that’s just a children’s story,’ the Ladybird said. ‘We never change our spots. Some of us, of course, are born with more spots than others, but we never change them. The number of spots that a Ladybird has is simply a way of showing which branch of the family she belongs to.”
“It is a big shame and worrying that the very same people. Who complain about unemployment, service delivery, human rights, Gender Based Violence (GBV) ,equal rights, racism, nepotism, crime, load shedding and corruption choosing or deciding not go and vote. If you don’t go and vote today. You have no rights to complain about anything government does tomorrow. You not voting , you are saying you are ok with everything.”
“I have seen big artist doing song covers for the song that was supposed to be their original songs, because they looked down on another person and turned down a feature, without hearing the song.”
“Memories remains about you always within my hearts”
“The problem about Social Media is most people lack creativity. If someone does something. It works for them and they become successful and get exposure. Everyone else, leave whatever they are doing, then try to recreate the same event and moment. Thinking they will also be successful. Ways of success are like a airplane ticket. Everyone has must have their own ticket. Once ticket is torn , you can give it to someone if you want, but it will be useless. That is what happens when people trying to copy someone success. They are using a used ticket hoping they will fly.”
“Life is a game. If you know the rules, you will always win.”
“Growth and comfort do not coexist.”
“I hate comparisons, because people never compare fairly. People never count the struggle, hard work, sacrifice .When comparing. They only count what is good for them. They only count success, benefits and celebration.”
“I waited for ancient portals, hidden doors and secrets gardens through which I could commune with you.”
“Married life will become a hell if it is not based on love, trust & mutual respect.”
“ Maxims & Other Quotes If you need an adjective or adverb, you're still fishing for he right noun or verb. 34 Was this a true story? It seemed somehow unimaginable, a fantasy of some kind. But he told it with such conviction that, against my own wishes, I believed him. Was this indeed the essence of storytelling? Did one simply have to relate a tale in a believable fashion, with the authority of the imagination? 36 Memory is a mirror that may easily shatter. 81 Readers become invisible even to themselves. Only the story lives. It’s the fate of the writer, yes, as well, to disappear. ~ Alastair Reid 83 ‘There is only now,’ Borges exclaimed with unstoppable force. ‘Act, dear boy! Do not procrastinate! It’s the worst of sins. I’ve thought about this, you see: the progression toward evil. Murder, this is very bad, a sin . It leads to thievery. And thievery, of course, leads to drunkenness and Sabbath-breaking. And Sabbath-breaking leads to incivility and at last procrastination. A slippery slope into the pit!’ 98 Borges: I no longer need to save face. This is one of the benefits of extreme age. Nothing matters much, and very little matters at all. 100 Borges: Believe me, you will one day read Don Quixote with a profound sense of recollection. This happens when you read a classic. It finds you where you have been. 102 Parini: I try not to think of the phallus, except when I can think of nothing else, which is most of the time. Borges: This is the fate of young men, a limited focus. One of the few advantages of my blindness has been that I no longer focus my eyes on objects of arousal. I look inward now, though the mind has mountains, dangerous cliffs. 105 Borges: Writers are always pirates, marauding, taking whatever pleases them from others, shaping these stolen goods to our purposes. Writers feed off the corpses of those who passed before them, their precursors. On the other hand they invent their precursors. They create them in their own image, as God did with man.108 Borges: Nobody can teach you anything. That’s the first truth. We teach ourselves. 115 Borges: One should avoid strong emotion, especially when it interferes with the work at hand. We have European blood in our veins, you and I. Mine is northern blood. We’re cold people, you see. Warriors. 125 Borges: The influence of Quixote was such that Sancho acquired a taste for literary wisdom. Such wisdom in his aphorisms! ‘One can find a remedy for everything but death.’ Or this: ‘Make yourself into honey and the flies will devour you.’ 151 Borges: You see, I designed my work for the tiniest audience, ‘fit company though few.’ A writer’s imagination should not be diluted by crowds! 151 Borges: If you don’t abandon the spirit, the spirit will not abandon you. 181”
“Too strict from one side will consequence looseness another side.”
“Most people choose to be hurt and killed by something they have power to avoid, because of their ego, arrogance and wanting to prove a point. They choose to put themselves in harms way. Always choose safety, when it comes to your life. Be wise and choose to avoid arguments, fights, conflicts, people, places , situations or doing things that can get you killed or hurt.”
“The world is changing, and we have to learn on how to adapt to its change and on how to use Internet or technology properly .”
“Social Media and Internet is the new government. We are all members of the parliament. Be careful what you post, because it might change a life or it might take a life.”
“The world is changing, and we have to learn on how to adapt to its change and on how to use Internet or technology properly . Do you know what sadfishing ? Do you know what is catfish ? Do you know what is photoshop ? Do you know what is deepfake ? Do you know what is a bots ? Do you know about POPIA ? Do you know about GDPR ? Do you know what is phishing ? Do you know what is Social Engineering ? Don’t believe anything see or read on social media. Verify every message, text, videos, chats that they are real before you react to them. If we are not careful, Social Media will start wars, end careers, end marriages, and end lives with lies or fabricated materials.”
“Life is not about a goal to be achieved, but a goal to be reached.”
“There is no such thing as last hope.”
“Life is the ultimate demonstration of God’s existence.”
“Never expose your spouse”
“I accept that I get jealous seeing your success. I wish I could change myself, thinking of your goodness.”
“Weekends, End of the month, your birthday and Valentines day will remind you how single and how lonely you are.”
“There is a thin line. Between fighting for equal rights and fighting to be treated special and lot of people confuses the two.”
“Your evolve happens at the rate and quality of your involve.”
“Impressions comes at a cost of you losing something , in a trade for admiration, likes or love. The more you try to impress others. The more you lose somethings. Now don’t lose what you can’t replace nor lose what is valuable to you or something you can’t live and progress without. Mostly don’t lose yourself, trying to impress others. Don’t compete with people whom their loss is nothing to them, because they have everything or plenty , while your loss is everything to you ,because you have nothing.”
“Impressing comes at a cost of you losing something , in a trade for admiration, likes or love. The more you try to impress others. The more you lose somethings. Now don’t lose what you can’t replace nor lose what is valuable to you or something you can’t live and progress without. Mostly don’t lose yourself, trying to impress others. Don’t compete with people whom their loss is nothing to them, because they have everything or plenty , while your loss is everything to you ,because you have nothing.”
“When you choose to cover up the mistakes of someone, because of your love for them, or because of brotherhood, sisterhood, you’re their parent , relative or family member . Don't just choose to make excuses for them, but also choose to tell them what they did wrong, so that they won't repeat it again. If you cover for them, but they don’t see their fault. They will never do right and one day, the wrong things they do. They will do them, to you or to someone you really close to.”
“A greedy heart kills. That is why there is no honor amongst thieves. That is why those greedy , corrupt politicians kill each other. If they are not killing each other. They are killing the country. If they are not killing the country. They are killing the economy. If they are not killing the economy they are killing the citizens.”
“Good fiction is not only based on believable and interesting characters but, at its centre, is the quote. Quotes are the essence of the lesson.”
“Quotes are the essence of the lesson.”
“A typical job interview is a conversation between two liars.”
“There is no growth in the comfort zone .There is no winning without challenges. There is no promotion, without test. What ever you are going through might be your test or your challenge to put you on another level. Don't give up, but give in everything you have got.”
“Disrespect prevents love from growing.”
“Since Social Media or Internet is the new government . Don’t believe anything see or read on social media. Verify every message, text, videos, chats that they are real before you react to them. If we are not careful, Social Media will start wars, end careers, end marriages, and end lives with lies or fabricated materials.”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living in borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living in borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“In life you have not made it , If they haven't tried to use your history or past life against you. to bring you down. People who have failed in life. Want to see others fail. Most people hate greatness. They feel superior and good , when they see you being a great mess. Since they can't elevate to your level. They always try to bring you down to their level.”
“The only thing consistent in Social Media is that there is always someone new to hype. They will hype now and forget about you tomorrow. Don’t end up doing stupid and bad things trying to be hyped, because there will always be someone they hyped. Either you doing bad and stupid things or not. Do what you do best and do it with love. If time has come for them to hype you, they will. If they don’t. You would still be enjoying what you do.”
“A Social Media account that has lot of followers. It is like a loaded gun. If it is in good person hands. It protects and saves lives, but if it is in the bad person hands. It destroys and kills innocent lives.”
“In a grey desert, dare to be a butterfly!”
“Carrying grudges is like carrying pebbles, they will always weigh you down.”
“Love . is what makes life into a labyrinth, yet gives you the credence that you'll win!”
“When our souls are naive, we fall in love. When they become older, love falls upon us.”
“Let 'love' prevail ”
“Every path has its own adventure.”
“Frail hands can sometimes provide the warmest touch!”
“Prioritize who matters . you don't want to end up wasting your life over trivial people.”
“It's great to remain a mystery to others, as long as you aren't a mystery to yourself!”
“All paths will have destinations, but all destinations aren't worthwhile.”
“New adventures begin the moment you open up your heart.”
“Some paths meander  cuz not all straight routes lead to happiness.”
“Your mind is the greatest puzzle!”
“It's not just the crown that makes you the queen!”
“The prologue of your life should be good . but strive to make the epilogue brilliant!”
“Each experience replaces an inch of naivety with a nugget of knowledge!”
“Not every lightning is meant to wreak havoc, some are meant for light.”
“Why would my words ever borrow the ink of their own demise?”
“A free mind, is your best freedom.”
“People are free and enjoying themselves. Practicing their freedom of speech, rights and freedom of choice. However, remember that there is certain Information and certain things you do not give out on social media.Don’t be too comfortable that you end up disclosing everything. That will leave you vulnerable to be used, bullied, hacked, kidnapped, hijacked, killed attacked, destroyed by everyone including your enemies. Choose not to post anything personal on social media. Not everyone is matured enough, to use the information you share with them in a right way.”
“In her mind, her Dad was like a knight taking a birthday cake to a dragon and inviting it to blow out the candles.”
“The less you judge the clearer you see.”
“Healing is a lifestyle”
“To lovers out there …. Stop doing the wrong things you are doing in a relationship, If not, then the wrong things you are doing will Stop your relationship, Stop your joy or happiness, Stop your success, Stop your progress, Stop your goals, Stop your life, and Stop you from breathing.”
“For every crime committed to be successful. It must be an inside job or there must be some government official involved in it. Criminals are not that smart and are not that lucky.”
“Even in the darkest of times you can make bright memories.”
“Work on your attitude and behavior .The same way you work on your body and outer beauty. You should not only practice healthy diet, but practice healthy living and lifestyle as well. Everyone loves beautiful things. Having a beautiful personality . Will make you lovable, acceptable and irresistible.”
“that feeling is the gate portal to emotions. discover emotions, discover life" ”
“To lovers out there   Never share your sexual pleasures or bedroom activities with friends about your partner, unless you are seeking help on how to improve, spice up things or to make it better, but If you are doing it as performance appraisal. Remember  Not all of them will be happy for you. Some will want to experience that for themselves. For them to do that . It means they need your partner . Some people will go for your partner , not because they love them, but it is because of how they treat you.”
“We all share wise messages, quotes and sayings on SN sites and messages, talk good and show how good and sensible we are as a person BUT do we all realize that (most of the times) we do exactly opposite of what we share, read and potray.”
“Miracles are not impossible. Just stay calm and be patient!”
“Finally, you are forgiven.”
“Don't shackle your dreams with your doubts.”
“Today you are a step closer to a brilliant tomorrow!”
“Time spent being happy is time well- spent!”
“No love exists without sacrifice, no sacrifice exists without love!”
“You, me and 'trust' .We are partners in crime!”
“Holding you in my arms, I forget all my pain As to me you are the sunshine, After the incessant rain!”
“The wave of the ocean The wind of the hill, The carefree bird I tried to be. But at the end of the day, And after thousands of desires . I just wished to be, 'me'.”
“I'm waiting here For such a long time on this way . Please do hurry up, For time's ticking away!”
“Friendship is a feeling of the heart That makes you feel Bold and Brave, When the darkest hours set in! Warmth and Hopeful, Even when It's impossible to win!”
“Our eyes meet, And I wish I could tell you so much more . My heart beats, More frantically than it did before. It feels like, Heaven bent down to see . Wishes coming true, And becoming destiny.”
“You are Darling of my soul . please don't leave me alone on this earth.”
“You entrap me, With the radiance of your face. You enclose me, In your fiery passion, With no way to escape!”
“Recognize me? .I'm your destiny!”
“Never hide your feelings from your 'Heart'!”
“Awaken from the slumber of despair, as the heart repairs and memories dance to the song called time.”
“If love is a city, to enter it you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“Blessed are those whose breaths are faithful to the art of dance.”
“As the flame of longing burns, even if does not arrive beloved, in the arms of melodies, dance.”
“Replace the guilt with pride, the sorrow with smiles, gather the broken pieces of the heart, and dance.”
“Lose yourself beyond the identity of names, there is much to express, not with eyes or lips, but with the surge of dancing steps.”
“Remain close, don’t go far, hold hands and dance as the movements heal the scars.”
“In moments of pleasure and pain, during a celebration or a state of calm, when love arrives or says goodbye, evolve with a dance.”
“If skies became the canvas, if oceans became the ink, would it still be enough to describe the beauty of dance?”
“Finding the light when surrounded by dark; praying for hope when all seems lost; what is it that ignites the blaze of miracles but the spark of dance.”
“Experience the journey across countless worlds when the role of breath is taken by dancing steps.”
“Smiles bloom when you feel the summer breeze, the rush and pause of heartbeats, and the cool grass caressing dancing feet.”
“Elevate the dance, evolve with its stance, execute it with all that you feel within, each movement as though a synergy with heartbeats.”
“Release stress, be not tense, in movements of dance find healing for yourself.”
“Sense this feeling, one of rapture, one of healing, of peace to the mind, of light to the soul, as you dance.”
“Take a breath, take a stance, don’t rush forward or hold back, close your eyes, and let the mind relax. As anxious feet retreat to the cuddle of melodies, begin the journey of dance and the sacred path.”
“Dance is the place that you visit to remove any anxiety while moving to your favorite melody.”
“Slow or fast, no matter how you dance, as long as each step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“He had a mental disorder called idealism. He was stupid enough to try and share it with others.”
“To know dance is to understand life; it overwhelms you; it moves you. When you embrace it with all your entirety, worlds move beneath your feet.”
“Be like the sun, fuel this dance with warmth. Lock your feet to the beat; step after step, so many steps, excitement spreading beneath, connecting you to a higher entity.”
“To experience heaven on earth, all it takes is one dance. No matter what, take the chance, move forward, freedom will finally be within grasp.”
“That which allows the flow of winds, to its rhythm descends the rain, starts yet lasts beyond melodies play. It is a dance of heartbeats, it is a dance of countless journeys. It is a dance of life's spiritual escape.”
“In stature arise those whose spirit moves to the melody, even the flow of time pauses for a glimpse when combine dance and life’s mysteries.”
“Footsteps find a reason to exist as they imitate the winds, moving with the intensity of a hurricane when arrives the blessing of dance.”
“Waste not a second of the day, who knows if this moment will return, count each blessing of time when you dance the dance of life.”
“As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.”
“A feeling in every muscle of the body moves. Why does passion then want to roar? Spice up the moment and make dance your home.”
“Joy and heartbeats intertwine; questions and answers finally meet; when melodies touch the dancing feet.”
“Movements without unconditionality of love cannot reach the path of dance.”
“Only through absolute submission can the soul ascend through dance.”
“How generous is dance, it barters your moments of anguish and gifts you joy equal to lifetimes.”
“In moments of sorrow, sway, when searching for answers, sway, when broken is the heart, sway, and allow dance to take away all the pain.”
“All paths of love become one on the journey of dance.”
“The sensation of movement guides and heals, for there is no other medicine like a dance that magnifies what you feel.”
“What is dance but a dose of stability, for it restores the balance of calm and chaos beneath.”
“Why be shy, have no fear of the response, even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out.”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance all are equals.”
“Abantu abangakusizi ngalutho. Ibona abukumoshelayo. Kanti uma ubalalela mebakucwayisa. Uwena ozimoshelayo.”
“Losing everything is nothing, but losing something that matters to you .It is everything.”
“Everybody has their style and way of seeing things, but dance is that home where all unite as one humanity.”
“When you feel the pressure of life, a place dark and lonely, don’t give up, move, dance will come to your rescue.”
“When in the trance of dance you lose track of time, each moment equals to an eon of smiles.”
“What is this sensation of movements that every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.”
