“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”
“He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much; Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it; Who has left the world better than he found it, Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; Whose life was an inspiration; Whose memory a benediction.”
“I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.”
“If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.”
“Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Dare to Be When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best. Dare to be the best you can – At all times, Dare to be!”
“So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get”
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.”
“Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.”
“Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.”
“Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.”
“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”
“Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. ”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut”
“I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it”
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ”
“Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand”
“All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure. ”
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.”
“No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages 1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree. 2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5. 3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.” 4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank. 5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13. 6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14. 7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15. 8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil. 9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19. 10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961. 11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936. 12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 23 13) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 24 14) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record 15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity 16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France 17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 28 18) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world 19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter 20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean 21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind 22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest 23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream." 24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics 25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight 26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions. 27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon. 28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" 29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas 30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger 31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States 32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out. 33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games" 34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out. 35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa. 36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president. 37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels. 38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat". 40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived 41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise 42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out 43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US 44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats 45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President”
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass  get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“A thinker sees his own actions as experiments and questions--as attempts to find out something. Success and failure are for him answers above all.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”
“It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.”
“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
“A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.”
“If you try and lose then it isn't your fault. But if you don't try and we lose, then it's all your fault.”
“Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”
“When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity  you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others”
“Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.”
“I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You Be Free Share.”
“Over the years, I have come to realize that the greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity, or power, but self-rejection. Success, popularity, and power can indeed present a great temptation, but their seductive quality often comes from the way they are part of the much larger temptation to self-rejection. When we have come to believe in the voices that call us worthless and unlovable, then success, popularity, and power are easily perceived as attractive solutions. The real trap, however, is self-rejection. As soon as someone accuses me or criticizes me, as soon as I am rejected, left alone, or abandoned, I find myself thinking, "Well, that proves once again that I am a nobody."   [My dark side says,] I am no good  I deserve to be pushed aside, forgotten, rejected, and abandoned. Self-rejection is the greatest enemy of the spiritual life because it contradicts the sacred voice that calls us the "Beloved." Being the Beloved constitutes the core truth of our existence.”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“We are all failures- at least the best of us are.”
“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
“Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.”
“The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.”
“Eighty percent of success is showing up.”
“I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. ”
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.”
“In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. ”
“Never was anything great achieved without danger.”
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.”
“A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.”
“The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.”
“The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.”
“Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.”
“Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.”
“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you" whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it cause a smile today for someone else and give plenty of hugs.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
“May Light always surround you; Hope kindle and rebound you. May your Hurts turn to Healing; Your Heart embrace Feeling. May Wounds become Wisdom; Every Kindness a Prism. May Laughter infect you; Your Passion resurrect you. May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires. Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.”
“To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.”
“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.”
“Success is getting what you want.. Happiness is wanting what you get.”
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way”
“Congratulations! Today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away!”
“And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!”
“Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.”
“Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent”
“I've had great success being a total idiot. ”
“I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed.”
“The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without.”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it ”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“Don't mistake activity with achievement.”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.”
“When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!”
“Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also .but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.”
“It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.”
“Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.”
“If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.”
“To be independent of public opinion is the first formal condition of achieving anything great.”
“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.”
“Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.”
“Fortune sides with him who dares.”
“Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.”
“When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury - to me these have always been contemptible. I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind.”
“If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.”
“Success, after all, loves a witness, but failure can't exist without one.”
“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
“I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably become as ordinary as they expect you to be.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies.”
“Whenever I am in a difficult situation where there seems to be no way out, I think about all the times I have been in such situations and say to myself, "I did it before, so I can do it again.”
“Before success comes in any man’s life, he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat, and, perhaps, some failure. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and most logical thing to do is to quit. That is exactly what the majority of men do. More than five hundred of the most successful men this country has ever known told the author their greatest success came just one step beyond the point at which defeat had overtaken them.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.”
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.”
“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
“All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.”
“Success comes from the inside out. In order to change what is on the outside, you must first change what is on the inside.”
“Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.”
“I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.”
“There is no failure except in no longer trying.”
“Failure is constructive feedback that tells you to try a different approach to accomplish what you want.”
“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”
“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.”
“At the end, someone or something always gives up. It is either you give up and quit or the obstacle or failure gives up and makes way for your success to come through.”
“The money you make is a symbol of the value you create.”
“There are many aspects to success; material wealth is only one component.  But success also includes good health, energy and enthusiasm for life, fulfilling relationships, creative freedom, emotional and psychological stability, a sense of well-being, and peace of mind.”
“Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.”
“It takes nothing to stay in poverty, but everything to break free from it.”
“There is no progress or accomplishment without sacrifice.”
“If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.”
“To dream of success is to set a goal of where you want to be; to wake up, take action, and achieve it is what true success is all about.”
“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
“Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“Having a low opinion of yourself is not 'modesty.' It's self-destruction. Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not 'egotism.' It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.”
“Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.”
“Happy people produce. Bored people consume.”
“Success means we go to sleep at night knowing that our talents and ablities were used in a way that served others.”
“Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on. I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise. I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to. No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me. I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily. I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past. I am moving forward daily. Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.”
“When you work on something that only has the capacity to make you 5 dollars, it does not matter how much harder you work – the most you will make is 5 dollars.”
“The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.”
“Success is  knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.”
“You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject  Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)  this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire. The gesture of the amorous embrace seems to fulfill, for a time, the subject's dream of total union with the loved being: The longing for consummation with the other  In this moment, everything is suspended: time, law, prohibition: nothing is exhausted, nothing is wanted: all desires are abolished, for they seem definitively fulfilled  A moment of affirmation; for a certain time, though a finite one, a deranged interval, something has been successful: I have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction).”
“Let your creative and imaginative mind run freely; it will take you places you never dreamed of and provide breakthroughs that others once thought were impossible.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“Our way of thinking creates good or bad outcomes.”
“Inherited Will, The Destiny of the Age, and The Dreams of the People. As long as people continue to pursue the meaning of Freedom, these things will never cease to be!" - Gol D. Roger”
“Running isn't a sport for pretty boys It's about the sweat in your hair and the blisters on your feet. Its the frozen spit on your chin and the nausea in your gut. It's about throbbing calves and cramps at midnight that are strong enough to wake the dead. It's about getting out the door and running when the rest of the world is only dreaming about having the passion that you need to live each and every day with. It's about being on a lonely road and running like a champion even when there's not a single soul in sight to cheer you on. Running is all about having the desire to train and persevere until every fiber in your legs, mind, and heart is turned to steel. And when you've finally forged hard enough, you will have become the best runner you can be. And that's all that you can ask for.”
“ it is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.”
“The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit the bottom.”
“You differ from a great man in only one respect: the great man was once a very little man, but he developed one important quality: he recognized the smallness and narrowness of his thoughts and actions. Under the pressure of some task that meant a great deal to him, he learned to see how his smallness, his pettiness endangered his happiness. In other words, a great man knows when and in what way he is a little man. A little man does not know he is little and is afraid to know. He hides his pettiness and narrowness behind illusions of strength and greatness, someone else's strength and greatness. He's proud of his great generals but not of himself. He admires an idea he has not had, not one he has had. The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it. And the better he understands an idea, the less he believes in it.”
“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
“Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.”
“Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.”
“It is said we learn more from our failures than our successes.”
“Judgment is a negative frequency.”
“The roughest roads often lead to the top.”
“When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.”
“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment”
“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”
“A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.”
“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
“The merit of all things lies in their difficulty.”
“The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”
“Each new day is a blank page in the diary of your life. The secret of success is in turning that diary into the best story you possibly can.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching out for it.”
“Vision without execution is just hallucination.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.”
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.”
“Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.”
“Sometimes it is good to be in uncomfortable situations because it is in finding our way out of such difficulties that we learn valuable lessons.”
“What is considered impossible is someone else’s opinion. What is possible is my decision.”
“The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.”
“Even though our time in this life is temporary, if we live well enough, our legacy will last forever.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.”
“Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in installments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out. The day you procrastinate, you lose that day's success.”
“It's failure that gives you the proper perspective on success.”
“You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. The world is not yet a crazy enough place to reward a whole bunch of undeserving people.”
“Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.”
“There are going to be times when you learn more about the world you’re entering and feel defeated when you see the gap between the ideal and the reality… But that’s something we’ll all face. The people that face those obstacles and overcome them are people whose dreams come true.”
“Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise.”
“Men are born to succeed, not to fail.”
“No matter how small you start, always dream big.”
“Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in any undertaking.”
“Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.”
“We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.”
“I do not like to repeat successes I like to go on to other things.”
“Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift  YOU!”
“People don't need love. What they need is success in one form or another. It can be love but it needn't be.”
“Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.”
“One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.”
“You’re frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.”
“Be curious about the world in which you live. Look things up. Chase down every reference. Go deeper than anybody else--that's how you'll get ahead.”
“The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. Thats the essence of it.”
“Small good decisions will lead you to the glorious path of success.”
“Decide what you want to be . Pay the Price   And be what you want to be.”
“I will eliminate hatred, envy, jealousy, selfishness, and cynicism, by developing love for all humanity, because I know that a negative attitude toward others can never bring me success. I will cause others to believe in me, because I will believe in them, and in myself.”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS Before you were born, And were still too tiny for The human eye to see, You won the race for life From among 250 million competitors. And yet, How fast you have forgotten Your strength, When your very existence Is proof of your greatness. You were born a winner, A warrior, One who defied the odds By surviving the most gruesome Battle of them all. And now that you are a giant, Why do you even doubt victory Against smaller numbers, And wider margins? The only walls that exist, Are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, Exist only because you have forgotten What you have already Achieved. Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
“Don't look so worried. Most successful missions are just a series of barely averted disasters.”
“As Aristotle said, 'Excellence is a habit.' I would say furthermore that excellence is made constant through the feeling that comes right after one has completed a work which he himself finds undeniably awe-inspiring. He only wants to relax until he's ready to renew such a feeling all over again because to him, all else has become absolutely trivial.”
“Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action .no matter what.  So you're afraid? Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!”
“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”
“Last night as I was sleeping, I dreamt -- O, marvelous error -- That there was a beehive here inside my heart And the golden bees were making white combs And sweet honey from all my failures.”
“You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.”
“There are no secrets to success: don’t waste time looking for them. Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence.”
“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.”
“Your success and happiness lie in you.”
“It doesn't matter how great your shoes are if you don't accomplish anything in them.”
“Anyone who imagines they can work alone winds up surrounded by nothing but rivals, without companions. The fact is, no one ascends alone.”
“Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.”
“It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. ”
“What do you mean I have to wait for someone's approval? I'm someone. I approve.  So I give myself permission to move forward with my full support!”
“Successful people enjoy the journeys they embark on, irrespective of whether they reach their destination or not.”
“Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.”
“Those who don't jump will never fly.”
“Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid - one must also be polite.”
“If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”
“Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“It is extraordinarily entertaining to watch the historians of the past   entangling themselves in what they were pleased to call the "problem" of Queen Elizabeth . They invented the most complicated and astonishing reasons both for her success as a sovereign and for her tortuous matrimonial policy. She was the tool of Burleigh, she was the tool of Leicester, she was the fool of Essex; she was diseased, she was deformed, she was a man in disguise. She was a mystery, and must have some extraordinary solution. Only recently has it occrurred to a few enlightened people that the solution might be quite simple after all. She might be one of the rare people were born into the right job and put that job first.”
“When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were 'somebody'.”
“The question we need to ask ourselves is: what is success to us? More money? That's fine. A healthy family? A happy marriage? Helping others? To be famous? Spiritually sound? To express ourselves? To create art? To leave the world a better place than we found it? What is success to me? Continue to ask yourself that question. How are you prosperous? What is your relevance? Your answer may change over time and that's fine but do yourself this favor – whatever your answer is, don't choose anything that would jeopardize your soul. Prioritize who you are, who you want to be, and don't spend time with anything that antagonizes your character. Don't depend on drinking the Kool-Aid – it's popular, tastes sweet today, but it will give you cavities tomorrow. Life is not a popularity contest. Be brave, take the hill. But first answer the question.”
“If you're not gonna go all the way, why go at all?”
“Early success is a terrible teacher. You're essentially being rewarded for a lack of preparation, so when you find yourself in a situation where you must prepare, you can't do it. You don't know how.”
“The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.”
“When you go in search of honey, you must expect to be stung by bees.”
“أتعلم لو كنت بقربي الآن ؟ لكنت ضممتك إلي بكل ما أوتيت من عشق وشوق إليك .. ووضعت رأسي على قلبك الذي لطالما أدمنت هواه حد الثمالة ! وسألتك بوجع هذه الأرض وماحوت : بربك لمَ أبعدتني عنك ؟”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.”
“Nearly' only counts in horseshoes and hand-grenades.”
“There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”
“Your story may not have such a happy beginning but that does not make you who you are, it is the rest of it- who you choose to be”
“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.”
“Failure is an opportunity. If you blame someone else, there is no end to the blame. Therefore the Master fulfills her own obligations and corrects her own mistakes. She does what she needs to do and demands nothing of others.”
“Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.”
“When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.”
“As long as you gave everything you had and you didn't let it break you, it could never be considered a failure.”
“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”
“Feed the soul beauty, and it will heal itself.”
“With one day's reading a man may have the key in his hands.”
“The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.”
“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.”
“You don't have to get a job that makes others feel comfortable about what they perceive as your success. You don't have to explain what your plan to do with your life. You don't have to justify your education by demonstrating its financial rewards. You don't have to maintain an impeccable credit score. Anyone who expects you to do any of those things has no sense of history of economics or science or the arts.”
“Don't worry about being effective. Just concentrate on being faithful to the truth.”
“The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.”
“It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.”
“Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”
“You rarely win, but sometimes you do.”
“The bird dares to break the shell, then the shell breaks open and the bird can fly openly. This is the simplest principle of success. You dream, you dare and and you fly.”
“Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.”
“You have succeeded in life when all you really WANT is only what you really NEED.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“To burn always with this hard gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.”
“There is only one success-to be able to spend life in your own way.”
“Doing the tough things sets winners apart from losers.”
“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
“You can have it all, just not all at the same time.”
“You will find the key to success under the alarm clock.”
“ولو إستطعت أن أعود بعجلة الزمان إلى الوراء ، لما إخترتك لي عاشقاً ! ولأبقيتك عابراً غريباً يزور مدائني دون أن يحدث بداخلي أي ضجيج !”
“No guts, no story.”
“Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.”
“If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.”
“The most critical time in any battle is not when I’m fatigued, it’s when I no longer care.”
“Some people talk about other people’s failures with so much pleasure that you would swear they are talking about their own successes.”
“Never feel shame for trying and failing for he who has never failed is he who has never tried.”
“Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you accept responsibility for it.”
“Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment  Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.”
“You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.”
“Success is a great deodorant.”
“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”
“Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“I am struck by how sharing our weakness and difficulties is more nourishing to others than sharing our qualities and successes.”
“If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.”
“The secret to success is constancy of purpose.”
“The line between failure and success is so fine. . . that we are often on the line and do not know it.”
“No other success can compensate for failure in the home.”
“Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.”
“When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.”
“Lack of confidence, sometimes alternating with unrealistic dreams of heroic success, often leads to procrastination, and many studies suggest that procrastinators are self-handicappers: rather than risk failure, they prefer to create conditions that make success impossible, a reflex that of course creates a vicious cycle.”
“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
“If you think you can then you can.”
“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
“A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failures certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.”
“Small shifts in your thinking, and small changes in your energy, can lead to massive alterations of your end result.”
“6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break: 1. Stop stressing 2. Stop worrying 3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down 4. Lighten up 5. Forgive yourself 6. Forgive others”
“Writing is really just a matter of writing a lot, writing consistently and having faith that you'll continue to get better and better. Sometimes, people think that if they don't display great talent and have some success right away, they won't succeed. But writing is about struggling through and learning and finding out what it is about writing itself that you really love.”
“No one can travel so far that he does not make some progess each day. So let us never give up. Then we shall move forward daily in the Lord's way. And let us never despair because of our limited success. Even though it is so much less than we would like, our labour is not wasted when today is better than yesterday!”
“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”
“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.”
“Today is the only day in which we have any power.”
“Happiness simply cannot be relied upon as a measure of success.”
“Success is a poor teacher”
“What you perceive as a failure today may actually be a crucial step towards the success you seek. Never give up.”
“Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.”
“You become what you think about”
“There is no try. There is only do.”
“Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.”
“I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.”
“Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.”
“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
“It is not a failure to readjust my sails to fit the waters I find myself in.”
“The bottom line is, insults only hurt when they come from someone I respect.”
“He will know from and early age that failure is not disgrace. It's just a pitch that you missed, and you'd better get ready for the next one. The next one might be the shot heard round the world. My son and I are Americans, we prepare for glory by failing until we don't.”
“Whatever you do, do it with purpose. Being focused is not something to be ashamed of. It is something to be proud of. When you know what are you are doing and have a clear vision of where you are going, you will not need to chase opportunities. Opportunities will seek you. Happiness will chase you. And, instead of being a choice, you will be the one choosing.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“I never fail. It's just that the people around me succeed more than I.”
“It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.”
“If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“Learn to adapt. Things change, circumstances change. Adjust yourself and your efforts to what it is presented to you so you can respond accordingly. Never see change as a threat, because it can be an opportunity to learn, to grow, evolve and become a better person.”
“Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying basic fundamentals.”
“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”
“Some say if you want success surround yourself with successful people. I say if you want true and lasting success surround yourself with people of integrity.”
“Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.”
“If you want to give yourself a fair chance to succeed, never expect too much too soon”
“Almost anyone can be an author; the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.”
“No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“When we start being too impressed by the results of our work, we slowly come to the erroneous conviction that life is one large scoreboard where someone is listing the points to measure our worth. And before we are fully aware of it, we have sold our soul to the many grade-givers. That means we are not only in the world, but also of the world. Then we become what the world makes us. We are intelligent because someone gives us a high grade. We are helpful because someone says thanks. We are likable because someone likes us. And we are important because someone considers us indispensable. In short, we are worthwhile because we have successes. And the more we allow our accomplishments — the results of our actions — to become the criteria of our self-esteem, the more we are going to walk on our mental and spiritual toes, never sure if we will be able to live up to the expectations which we created by our last successes. In many people’s lives, there is a nearly diabolic chain in which their anxieties grow according to their successes. This dark power has driven many of the greatest artists into self-destruction.”
“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”
“Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?”
“Why be a man when you can be a success.”
“One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.”
“With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable”
“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise”
“The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.”
“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
“How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.”
“Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.”
“Don't be afraid of failure. This is the way to succeed.”
“I cannot say this too strongly: Do not compare yourselves to others. Be true to who you are, and continue to learn with all your might.”
“Life itself is simple it's just not easy.”
“You've been given the innate power to shape your life but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!”
“You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“There is absolutely no greater high than challenging the power structure as a nobody, giving it your all, and winning!”
“If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?”
“God’s word is not just to be heard and repeated, it is to be breathed, lived, and emulated with each action.”
“Sometimes not getting what you want is a brilliant stroke of luck.”
“As naturally as the ruled always took the morality imposed upon them more seriously than did the rulers themselves, the deceived masses are today captivated by the myth of success even more than the successful are. Immovably, they insist on the very ideology which enslaves them. The misplaced love of the common people for the wrong which is done to them is a greater force than the cunning of the authorities.”
“To become successful, one must put themselves in the paths of giants!”
“Sometimes success demands a certain refined insanity.”
“Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.”
“The problem for a lot of people is that they don't really know what they want. They have vague desire: to 'do something creative' or to earn more money or 'to be free', but they can't really pin down what it is precisely that they want. So they drift from one thing to another, enjoying some moments and hating others, but never really finding fulfillment or success. (..) This is why it's hard to lead a successful life (whatever that means to you) when you don't know what you want.”
“I think for anyone to become good at something, they have to fail a lot too. And they have to be completely unafraid to fail or they'll never make it to the next level.”
“Start before you're ready. Don't prepare, begin.”
“Beating the competition is relatively easy. Beating yourself is a never-ending commitment.”
“The universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you already are.”
“To earn more, you must learn more.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“The hardest part of any important task is getting started on it in the first place. Once you actually begin work on a valuable task, you seem to be naturally motivated to continue.”
“Have you found someone to share your heart with? Are you giving to your community? Are you at peace with yourself? Are you trying to be as human as you can be?”
“The difference between Success and failure is not giving up.”
“I don't do that kind of negativity. If you put your energy into thinking about how much the fall would hurt, you're already halfway down.”
“Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success.”
“so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.”
“You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life.”
“The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.”
“Don't waste your time hating a failure. Failure is a greater teacher than success. Listen, learn, go on.”
“Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.”
“Go as far as you can see and you will see further.”
“Play around. Dive into absurdity and write. Take chances. You will succeed if you are fearless of failure.”
“NEVER be surprised by your own success!”
“Success comes in a lot of ways, but it doesn't come with money and it doesn't come with fame. It comes from having a meaning in your life, doing what you love and being passionate about what you do. That's having a life of success. When you have the ability to do what you love, love what you do and have the ability to impact people. That's having a life of success. That's what having a life of meaning is.”
“Your agreement with reality defines your life.”
“Success is the progressive realization of a worthy ideal”
“ success is not a comparison of what we have done with what others have done.”
“Once you can clarify your unique vision for the end goal—comfort, happiness, security, etc.— you can get started on the path toward the reality of success.”
“Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want.”
“If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going.”
“If you feel obsessed to prove something to the world, then you'd need world attention to be able to prove it.”
“Beware of those who criticize you when you deserve some praise for an achievement, for it is they who secretly desire to be worshiped.”
“People can change anything they want to, and that means everything in the world. ”
“There is no secret ingredient”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. ”
“The people who stand before kings may look like they did it all by themselves. But in fact they are invariably the beneficiaries of hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies that allow them to learn and work hard and make sense of the world in ways others cannot. It makes a difference where and when we grew up. The culture we belong to and the legacies passed down by our forebears shape the patterns of our achievements in ways we cannot begin to imagine. It's not enough to ask what successful people are like, in other words. It is only by asking where they are from that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't.”
“Failure is always an option”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“An average person with average talent, ambition and education can outstrip the most brilliant genius in our society, if that person has clear, focused goals.”
“My life changed the day I moved beyond just wishing for things and I started earning them. That is the day I learned that we don't get what we wish for, we get what we work for.”
“Your life only gets better when you get better.”
“The key to flow is to pursue an activity for its own sake, not for the rewards it brings.”
“Success and failure, ultimately, have little to do with living the gospel. Jesus just stood with the outcasts until they were welcomed or until he was crucified — whichever came first.”
“We set out to save the Shire, Sam and it has been saved - but not for me.”
“Sky is not a limit for me; because I have no limit for myself in life. Because life is a world full of risk taking and possibilities. No matter how hard or easy life is; I will always find a way to enjoy myself; even in the mist of circumstances; because problems is a sense of adventure in sheep's clothing.”
“Healing comes to the soul through the power of connection. Our connection with God is our connection to healing—spirit, soul, and body”
“Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.”
“Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.”
“Diligence is the mother of good fortune.”
“At any given moment the choice to be happy is present- we just have to choose to be happy.”
“How many people you bless is how you measure success”
“Stop lying to yourself. When we deny our own truth, we deny our own potential.”
“ If there is no risk, there is no reward.”
“Change is in the air. This change reminds us that we are made and beautifully sculpted by the same power that orchestrates the change of season. Let this be the season you embrace and align yourself with this change.”
“No matter how good you get you can always get better, and that's the exciting part.”
“Participate in your own dreams, don’t just say what you want or complain about what you don’t have.”
“أنا أخبئ بين أقفاص صدري أوجاع نساء الأرض ودموع الصغار ، أنا أحمل على عاتقي خيبات ثكلى ! وفي حنجرتي تستقر حشرجة حزن مدوية .. أنا الأنثى التي تقام كل ليلة على مدائن قلبها مآتم الخذلان ! وبالرغم من ذلك الأسى المفرط .. . تبتسم وتمضي دونما إكتراث !”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.”
“When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.”
“When the actions becomes frequent than the words, success becomes heavier than the dreams. Do more, say less.”
“Success is counted sweetest By those who ne’er succeed. To comprehend a nectar Requires sorest need.”
“Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore – and then you get something out of her”
“If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.”
“Excuses are merely nails used to build a house of failure.”
“The biggest mistake we could ever make in our lives is to think we work for anybody but ourselves.”
“Some people will insult your intelligence by suddenly being nice or nicer to you once you make it … or they think you have.”
“Education is what they equip you with; just in case your dream doesn't workout.”
“  “What’s puzzling is the sender wrote, ‘I hope this is helpful for the Tariq’Allah office in Istanbul. Stay in touch.’ Turkey does not speak Arabic. Someone wrote this cover page in Arabic.”
“ Before I ever knew what the word Entrepeneur was, I realized in America and in the Western part of the world in general, you are given the opportunity to be whatever you want to be. And that is all anyone should ever expect from the Capitalist system. The rest is up to you. It's up to you to educate yourself. It's up to you to learn speaking skills and people skills. It's up to you to try (and usually fail, but to try again) all sorts of ventures. The rest is a combination of hard work, being at the right place  at the right time with the right thing oh yes and more (never ending) hard work.”
“Do not get obsolete like an old technology, keep innovating yourself.”
“Once you can write an alphabet, you can write a book of 100 million pages. It's just a matter of believing it as possible, and taking the cross millimetre by millimetre.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.”
“I have some advice for the young generation who are wanting to become successful in life: become more grateful. Once you do that, Allah says, "If you are grateful, I will surely increase you (in everything)." If you're having a hard time in math, science, language and whatever else, become grateful to Allah and He will open doors for you. You'll even get better at basketball and become more athletic. I pray that Allah makes you grateful young people who are examples for others all over the world, ameen.”
“The only guarantee for failure is to stop trying”
“If you can't do great things, Mother Teresa used to say, do little things with great love. If you can't do them with great love, do them with a little love. If you can't do them with a little love, do them anyway. Love grows when people serve.”
“You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.”
“Be an opener of doors”
“Failure is a greater teacher than success”
“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
“Constantly stopping to explain oneself may expand into a frustrating burden for the rare individual, so ceasing to do so is like finally dropping the weights and sprinting towards his goals. Those who insincerely misunderstand, who intentionally distort the motives of a pure-intentioned individual, then, no longer have the opportunity to block his path; instead, they are the ones left to stand on the sidelines shouting frustratedly in the wind of his trail.”
“It is a common condition of being poor  you are always afraid that the good things in your life are temporary, that someone can take them away, because you have no power beyond your own brute strength to stop them.”
“اعذرني !! لن ألوث طهري ونقائي لمجرد إرضائك ، ولن أدنس مبادئي لأكسب شرف قربك مني .. ولن أنزع رداء الطفولة من روحي من ذاتي من وجداني .. لأكون في نظرك أنثى كاملة النضوج هذه أنا إن أردتني بطهري بطفولتي بنقائي بوفائي بعطائي !! وإن لم ترغب بنجلائك كما هي .. إذهب إليهن وغادرني فكثيرات ياسيدي من هن بحجم رغباتك ! وقليلات / قليلات من هن بحجم نقائي !”
“The backbone of success is hard work, determination, good planning, and perserverence.”
“Then what is good? The obsessive interest in human affairs, plus a certain amount of compassion and moral conviction, that first made the experience of living something that must be translated into pigment or music or bodily movement or poetry or prose or anything that's dynamic and expressivee--that's what's good for you if you're at all serious in your aims. William Saroyan wrote a great play on this theme, that purity of heart is the one success worth having. "In the time of your life--live!" That time is short and it doesn't return again. It is slipping away while I write this and while you read it, the monosyllable of the clock is Loss, loss, loss, unless you devote your heart to its opposition.”
“While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.”
“Live your vision and demand your success.”
“Men love women who are courageous for it means they can go all the way with him in his pursuit of his good dreams and intentions.”
“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
“You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.”
“Moods can be contagious. Don't catch or spread a bad mood.”
“For some unknown reason, success usually occurs in private, while failure occurs in full view.”
“What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!”
“When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.”
“It is an acceptance of being uncomfortable that drives change.”
“Success   seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.”
“It is not enough to be busy; so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?”
“The biggest problem I have is I know why he has changed. What took place last night convinced me. I believe he’s been hypnotized to conduct espionage.”
“Don't think that just because you made it to the next level that the haters and naysayers disappear. Remember, new levels bring new devils.”
“Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success We forget the easiness of free beauty Lying sad right around the corner, Only an instant removed, Unnoticed and squandered.”
“It is said that there are four kinds of horses: excellent ones, good ones, poor ones, and bad ones. The best horse will run slow and fast, right and left, at the driver’s will, before it sees the shadow of the whip; the second best will run as well as the first one does, just before the whip reaches its skin; the third one will run when it feels pain on its body; the fourth will run after the pain penetrates to the marrow of its bones. You can imagine how difficult it is for the fourth one to learn how to run! When we hear this story, almost all of us want to be the best horse. If it is impossible to be the best one, we want to be the second best. That is, I think, the usual understanding of this story, and of Zen. You may think that when you sit in zazen you will find out whether you are one of the best horses or one of the worst ones. Here, however, there is a misunderstanding of Zen. If you think the aim of Zen practice is to train you to become one of the best horses, you will have a big problem. This is not the right understanding. If you practice Zen in the right way it does not matter whether you are the best horse or the worst one. When you consider the mercy of Buddha, how do you think Buddha will feel about the four kinds of horses? He will have more sympathy for the worst one than for the best one. When you are determined to practice zazen with the great mind of Buddha, you will find the worst horse is the most valuable one. In your very imperfections you will find the basis for your firm, way-seeking mind. Those who can sit perfectly physically usually take more time to obtain the true way of Zen, the actual feeling of Zen, the marrow of Zen. But those who find great difficulties in practicing Zen will find more meaning in it. So I think that sometimes the best horse may be the worst horse, and the worst horse can be the best one. If you study calligraphy you will find that those who are not so clever usually become the best calligraphers. Those who are very clever with their hands often encounter great difficulty after they have reached a certain stage. This is also true in art and in Zen. It is true in life. So when we talk about Zen we cannot say, 'He is good,' or 'He is bad,' in the ordinary sense of the words. The posture taken in zazen is not the same for each of us. For some it may be impossible to take the cross-legged posture. But even though you cannot take the right posture, when you arouse your real, way-seeking mind, you can practice Zen in its true sense. Actually it is easier for those who have difficulties in sitting to arouse the true way-seeking mind that for those who can sit easily.”
“Forget about style; worry about results. ”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“Nothing comes as an accomplishment instantly. Success does not come overnight. Patience is the key! Grow up and be the tree; but remember it takes dry and wet seasons to become a fruit bearer, achiever and impact maker!”
“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
“I believe that you're great, that there's something magnificent about you. Regardless of what has happened to you in your life, regardless of how young or how old you think you might be, the moment you begin to think properly, there's something that is within you, there's power within you, that's greater than the world. It will begin to emerge. It will take over your life. It will feed you. It will clothe you. It will guide you, protect you, direct you, sustain your very existence, if you let it. Now, that is what I know for sure.”
“According to the moral absolutism that characterizes McCandless's beliefs, a challenge in which a successful outcome is assured isn't a challenge at all.”
“Perfection' is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe . If you are a perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be a loser in whatever you do.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“We may place blame, give reasons, and even have excuses; but in the end, it is an act of cowardice to not follow your dreams.”
“Fashion does not have to prove that it is serious. It is the proof that intelligent frivolity can be something creative and positive”
“You’ve got to be sure of yourself before You can ever win a prize.”
“Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don’t let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness”
“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
“Why are you going to choose failure when success is an option?”
“Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.”
“أمقت تلك المسافات التي تفصلني عنك ، أتذمر من تلك المواقيت التي تسرقني منك .. أسخط على أعين تتأملك / على أنامل تلمسك على أنفاسك وهي تستنشقك ! على نبضاتك وهي تستشعرك ، على ثيابك وهي تعانقك”
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.”
“To do more for the world than the world does for you - that is success.”
“A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.”
“There's nothing in the world that breeds success like success.”
“We must transcend the illusion that money or power has any bearing on our worthiness as children of God.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.”
“Who is willing to be satisfied with a job that expresses all his limitations? He will accept such work only as a 'means of livelihood' while he waits to discover his 'true vocation'. The world is full of unsuccessful businessmen who still secretly believe they were meant to be artists or writers or actors in the movies.”
“More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.”
“If failure has the strength to turn your life into bitterness itself, then patience has the strength to turn your life into the sweetest joy. Do not surrender to fate after a single failure. Failure, at most, precedes success.”
“You are likely to fall when you stop paddling your bicycle. Such is life. As long as you don’t give up, you will never end up failing!”
“An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.”
“Rise to the challenge of bringing your dreams to life! Do not be discouraged by resistance, be nourished by it. Success is the experience of rising to the level of your true greatness.”
“Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.”
“Integrity is a powerful force, keeping you alive to others long after you’ve left their presence.”
“If Mike convinces a woman to date him because he is dominant, the resulting relationship will be entirely different than if he had inspired this same woman to date him by convincing her that, through dating him, she could improve herself (though such dynamics might be ameliorated through therapy). One of the core reasons why people either end up in one bad relationship after another—or come to believe that all members of a certain gender have very constrained behavior patterns—is that they do not understand how different lures function (in male communities, this often manifests in the saying “AWALT,” which stands for “all women are like that”). These people do not realize that the lure they are using is creating those relationship dynamics and/or constrained behavior patterns. Talking with individuals who say guys or girls always act like X or Y feels like talking to a fisherman who insists that all fish have whiskers. When you point out that all the lures in his tackle box are designed specifically to only catch catfish, he just turns and gives you a quizzical look saying, “what's your point?”
“Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.”
“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
“The speed of your success is limited only by your dedication and what you're willing to sacrifice”
“Stop just cheering for others who are living their visions. Commit yourself to your own success and follow the steps required to achieve it.”
“There is nothing worse for the lying soul than the mirror of reality.”
“Whether you try too hard to fit in or you try too hard to stand out, it is of equal consequence: you exhaust your significance.”
“If you think someone or something other than yourself is responsible for your happiness or success, I'd guess you're not that happy or successful.”
“Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.”
“In theory, the risk of business failure can be reduced to a number, the probability of failure multiplied by the cost of failure. Sure, this turns out to be a subjective analysis, but in the process your own attitudes toward financial risk and reward are revealed. By contrast, personal risk usually defies quantification. It's a matter of values and priorities, an expression of who you are. "Playing it safe" may simply mean you do not weigh heavily the compromises inherent in the status quo. The financial rewards of the moment may fully compensate you for the loss of time and fulfillment. Or maybe you just don't think about it. On the other hand, if time and satisfaction are precious, truly priceless, you will find the cost of business failure, so long as it does not put in peril the well-being of you or your family, pales in comparison with the personal risks of no trying to live the life you want today. Considering personal risk forces us to define personal success. We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. Personal goals, on the other hand, leave us on our own, without this habit of useless measurement and comparison. Only the Whole Life Plan leads to personal success. It has the greatest chance of providing satisfaction and contentment that one can take to the grave, tomorrow. In the Deferred Life Plan there will always be another prize to covet, another distraction, a new hunger to sate. You will forever come up short.”
“Don't tie your success to anything other than what's inside you”
“When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.”
“Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.”
“Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!”
“Free yourself from the inauthenticity and disempowerment of your story.”
“Success is the best revenge.”
“You have to be uncomfortable in order to be successful, in some ways. If you stay in your comfort zone! You would never do the things that you need to do.”
“Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty. Be that lotus flower always. Do not allow any negativity or ugliness in your surroundings destroy your confidence, affect your growth, or make you question your self-worth.”
“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
“Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one   quitting!”
“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
“Once you bid farewell to discipline you say goodbye to success”
“They say you should know your limits and work within them. But how can you really know your limits unless you try to expand them?”
“If you want good luck; you must go out there and search for that luck!! Because luck is waiting for you to look for it.”
“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
“The price of success is to bear the criticism of envy.”
“Success is not just about what you achieve, but also about how you impact others. Be a leader, inspire those around you, and leave a lasting legacy.”
“Becoming well known (at least among your prospects & connections) is the most valuable element in the connection process.”
“The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.”
“You know you made it, when your friends tell their friends that you are their friend.”
“Think continally about what you want, not about the things you fear.”
“I can’t go into detail, but it’s why I went to the special meeting at the Pentagon.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market. It depends chiefly on two words, industry and frugality: that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. Without industry and frugality nothing will do, and with them everything.”
“Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.”
“The road to success is always under construction.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“Sometimes failure is the beginning of success”
“I believe that anyone can be successful in life, regardless of natural talent or the environment within which we live. This is not based on measuring success by human competitiveness for wealth, possessions, influence, and fame, but adhering to God's standards of truth, justice, humility, service, compassion, forgiveness, and love.”
“It's not always that we need to do more but rather that we need to focus on less.”
“إحدى يديه كانت منهمكة بالعبث في خصلات شعري والأخرى كان ينفث بها سيجارته ، إلتقطتها منه بغضب وبإمتعاض ممقوت وهمست له : دعها تلك اللعينة فلن أسمح بأن تشاركني فيك !”
“Collaborators don’t steal others’ ideas, take advantage of people, or sit back while others accomplish their tasks for them. Collaborators take action to ensure that everyone with whom they work can enjoy the maximum potential outcome.”
“Action is the universal language of success.”
“Business leaders make one of two mistakes: overestimating or underestimating their capabilities.”
“Communication is how entrepreneurs tell their story, which, in turn, should inspire employees to work smart and encourage customers to action.”
“Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.”
“Success to me is being happy, truly fulfilled, being proud of myself, and doing different things all the time.”
“Firestarters aren’t born lucky. They manufacture it.”
“It is strange the way the ignorant and inexperienced so often and so undeservedly succeed when the informed and the experienced fail. All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.”
“Knowing your “why” is much more important than setting a random goal.”
“Think of one thing you can do that will make a big difference in what you are trying to achieve.”
“* نجلاء .. نجلااااء   نجلااااااااء   . - الساعة الآن التاسعة صباحاً إنهضي وإنفضي عن وسادتكِ رذاذ الأحلام ، كان هذا صوتها أمي لتفيقني من ذاك الحلم الذي كنت أهذي به كل ليلة ! تمنيت حينها لو أصيبت ذاكرتي بغيبوبة عن واقع لا يحتويه ، عن واقع لا يعانق وجوده ! أفقت وكعادتي أمضي إلى طريق مجهول ومسافات غريبة أحمل حقائب أحلامي وأجمع بها لوحاتي وأمل أتسكع به على دهاليز مدينتي الباريسية !”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“The number of ways to live in one lifetime is limitless. So why limit yourself?”
“It all starts with a tiny, stupid idea, then one thing leads to another, and suddenly, you find something amazing: yourself.”
“Success in this world depends on knowing exactly how little effort each job is worth distribution of energy ”
“The most valuable tasks you can do each day are often the hardest and most complex. But the payoff and rewards for completing these tasks efficiently can be tremendous.”
“The race for excellence has no finish line.”
“To Succeed, you must reach for the stars, and let your imagination find its own path”
“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
“Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it  you have to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.”
“What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.”
“Success doesn't come to you; you go to it.”
“If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.”
“When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.”
“No matter how dim the light filtering through the trees is, you can still try your best to grasp it. -Kaien Cross”
“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
“There's no talent here, this is hard work. This is an obsession. Talent does not exist, we are all equals as human beings. You could be anyone if you put in the time. You will reach the top, and that's that. I am not talented. I am obsessed.”
“The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.”
“بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم ! إن زرت أوطاني يوماً ولمحت نوافذ إنتظاري مغلقة وأبواب فقدي لك مؤصدة ، بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم ! إن إحتفلوا بيوم ميلادك وبحثت عن صوتي بينهم .. ولم تجده ؟ وبحثت عن هداياي من بين هداياهم ولم تصلك”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.”
“If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence you ever tried. ”
“Success is not only dependent on understanding your own skill-set. It’s also important to recognize the talents of others and know how to profit from them.”
“In a situation of manipulation, the Left is almost always tempted by a “quick return to power,” forgets the necessity of joining with the oppressed to forge an organization, and strays into an impossible “dialogue” with the dominant elites. It ends by being manipulated by these elites, and not infrequently itself falls in an elitist game, which it calls “realism.” Manipulation, like the conquest whose objectives it serves, attempts to anesthetize the people so they will not think. For if the people join to their presence in the historical process critical thinking about that process, the threat of their emergence materializes in revolution…One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success. This manipulation is sometimes carried out directly by the elites and sometimes indirectly, through populist leaders.”
“If at first you don't succeed, lower you expectations”
“But man's duty is to try and endeavour, success depends upon chance and environments.”
“The success of my rule does not rely on my ability to recite obscure Latin verse.”
“Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.”
“Many people succeed when others do not believe in them. But rarely does a person succeed when he does not believe in himself.”
“Society functions in a way much more interesting than the multiple-choice pattern we have been rewarded for succeeding at in school. Success in life comes not from the ability to choose between the four presented answers, but from the rather more difficult and painfully acquired ability to formulate the questions.”
“Can I do it? I'd rather not try and fail." "That's stupid talk, Maya. Every try will not succeed. But if you're going to live, live at all, your business is trying. And if you fail once, so what? Old folks say, Every shuteye ain't sleep and every goodbye ain't gone. You fail, you get up and try again.”
“Whatever one does for a living, three questions need to be confronted before it is too late: What really matters to me? What price do my spouse and kids pay for my career success? What price does my soul pay?”
“Things do not happen TO you. They happen THROUGH you. You are the co-creator of everything in your reality.”
“We're all to driven by materialism. Obsessed with success. With money. With trying to impress people who'll never be impressed.”
“While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.”
“How dare a person tell a woman, how to dress, how to talk, how to behave! Any being who does that, is no human.”
“Never again will I underestimate the greatness inside of me just because of the hate and limited thinking inside of others.”
“Success necessitates sacrifice.”
“It's no use saying, "We are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“I don't know where this pressure came from. I can't blame my parents because it has always felt internal. Like any other parent, my mother celebrated the A grades and the less-than-A grades she felt there was no need to tell anybody about. But not acknowledging the effort that ended in a less than perfect result impacted me as a child. If I didn't win, then we wouldn't tell anyone that I had even competed to save us the embarrassment of acknowledging that someone else was better. Keeping the secret made me think that losing was something to be ashamed of, and that unless I was sure I was going to be the champion there was no point in trying. And there was certainly no point to just having fun.”
“Remember how far you’ve come, and you won’t have to rely on a destiny for your future. It will come on your own.”
“When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.”
“You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you have to overcome to reach your goals.”
“Success has always been the greatest liar - and the "work" itself is a success; the great statesman, the conqueror, the discoverer is disguised by his creations, often beyond recognition; the "work," whether of the artist or the philosopher, invents the man who has created it, who is supposed to have create it; "great men," as they are venerated, are subsequent pieces of wretched minor fiction”
“The French say you get hungry when you’re eating, and I get inspired when I’m working. It’s my engine”
“There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.”
“There will be times in your life when things simply have to be replaced because they are tired, broken, worn out, harmful, outdated, or irrelevant. Take an inventory of the things that no longer serve your best and highest good so you can replace them with things which do.”
“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”
“to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running”
“You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.”
“While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.”
“Succeeding in business is no easy task, but my approach, backed by many years of experience, can help each unique entrepreneur—including you—clear the fog and take the next logical steps forward toward the realization of their dreams.”
“If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
“Plant your tiny seeds and keep watering them every day. Soon, they’ll grow.”
“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”
“Stunt dwarf or destroy the imagination of a child and you have taken away its chances of success in life. Imagination transforms the commonplace into the great and creates the new out of the old.”
“Eighty percent of success is just showing up.”
“Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with hopes to succeed.”
“Action separates the heroes from the cowards, the achievers from the complainers, the successful from the mere dreamers, the happy from the envious; it separates those who rise to the challenge of their goals from the haters who cower in the shadow of stagnancy.”
“Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.”
“Committing your goals to paper increases the likelihood of your achieving them by one thousand percent.”
“When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.”
“Take action! An inch of movement will bring you closer to your goals than a mile of intention.”
“There's a simple, but oft-neglected lesson here: to sustain success, you have to be willing to abandon things that are no longer successful.”
“Failure is a part of life. Success teaches you nothing, but failure teaches you resilience. It teaches you to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Success involves going to where others believe is too far.”
“Remember, results aren't the criteria for success — it's the effort made for achievement that is most important.”
“Stop trying to 'fix' yourself; you're NOT broken! You are perfectly imperfect and powerful beyond measure.”
“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.”
“You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“The empowered woman is powerful beyond measure and beautiful beyond description.”
“A confident woman wears a smile and has this air of comfortability and pleasantness about her.”
“Just pick a goal and stick to it no big complicated secret.”
“Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.”
“Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.”
“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
“Challenges in life can either enrich you or poison you. You are the one who decides.”
“If there were a master of stupidity in this world, I would really love to listen to his success story.”
“A person who makes few mistakes makes little progress.”
“Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.”
“Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.”
“Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through. I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long. This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!”
“Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.”
“Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.”
“If you can transcend from the dark rut of disempowered thinking to the bright light of an empowered agreement with reality, you will see opportunities not barriers. You will see the finish line, not the hurdles.”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“There are many, many, many worlds branching out at each moment you become aware of your environment and then make a choice.”
“There is little success where there is little laughter.”
“To win an argument, rely on logic. To win in life, question logic. If you’re not willing to often take actions that don’t make much sense, having a mediocre life will make perfect sense.”
“You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.”
“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
“Failures make you humble, they make you realize that you are not the center of the world, proving that we are all alike, and they also shower you with wisdom. That’s why I have always been a great fan of failures as they offer you more than success can.”
“You think intelligence and grit can succeed by themselves, but I'm telling you that's a pretty illusion.”
“Every conscious thought you have, every moment you spend on an idea, is a commitment to be stuck with that idea and with aspects of that level of thinking, for the rest of your life. Spending just 10 seconds focusing on a topic that does not serve your interests is to invest your energy along a path that will continue to draw from you and define you.”
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavour.”
“The future belongs to the competent. It belongs to those who are very, very good at what they do. It does not belong to the well-meaning.”
“سؤال دائما ما يطرح نفسه فى حياتنا.. ليه كل ما هو "صح" و "كويس" و "مفيد" صعب؟ و ليه كل ما هو "غلط" و "وحش" و "مؤى" سهل؟”
“It is safer to search in the maze than to remain in a cheeseless situation”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .”
“To be successful, one has to be one of three bees - the queen bee, the hardest working bee, or the bee that does not fit in.”
“Every flower blooms at a different pace.”
“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
“You have to take your own bold approach, and if you do you will be rewarded with success. Or calamitous failure. That can happen too.”
“At any given point you can release your greatest self. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Don’t let anyone dilute you. Don’t be peer pressured into being less than you are. People willing to dilute themselves for the sake of others is one of the great tragedies of our time. Stop letting others define and set the pace for your life. Get out there and be your best. Do your best. Live your best. Make every day count and you’ll see how exponentially more exciting, thrilling, successful, happy and full your life will be.”
“Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“Powerful words come with powerful intent. Where you have passion, strength, courage, and determination you can accomplish anything!”
“If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly. We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air.”
“Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.”
“Should-haves solve nothing. It's the next thing to happen that needs thinking about.”
“Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.”
“If you have money, power, and status today, it is due to the century and place in which you were born, to your talents and capacities and health, none of which you earned. In short, all your resources are in the end the gift of God.”
“Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?”
“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
“The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.”
“If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule. NEVER TO LIE TO YOURSELF.”
“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
“practice only envisioning yourself at the finish line and be unrelenting and fervent in racing towards that finish line. Undue preoccupation and fixation with the how's, whens, and what ifs will not only derail and further distance you from your destination, but will also feed your mind with those fatal seeds of doubt that make failure inevitable" ~ Awaken and Unleash your Victor”
“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
“I tell you, life is extraordinary. A few years ago I couldn’t write anything or sell anything, I’d passed the age where you know all the returns are in, I’d had my chance and done my best and failed. And how was I to know the miracle waiting to happen round the corner in late middle age? 84, Charing Cross Road was no best seller, you understand; it didn’t make me rich or famous. It just got me hundreds of letters and phone calls from people I never knew existed; it got me wonderful reviews; it restored a self-confidence and self-esteem I’d lost somewhere along the way, God knows how many years ago. It brought me to England. It changed my life.”
“Success sometimes may be defined as a disaster put on hold. Qualified. Has to be.”
“Creativity is the brain's invisible muscle -- that when used and excercised routinely -- becomes better and stronger.”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.”
“The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.”
“You don't believe that your friend could ever do anything great. You despise yourself in secret, even – no, especially – when you stand on your dignity; and since you despise yourself, you are unable to respect your friend. You can't bring yourself to believe that anyone you have sat at table with, or shared a house with, is capable of great achievement. That is why all great men have been solitary. It is hard to think in your company, little man. One can only think 'about' you, or 'for your benefit', not 'with' you, for you stifle all big, generous ideas.”
“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.”
“No human ever became interesting by not failing. The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person. Ever meet someone who’s ALWAYS had EVERYTHING work out for them with ZERO struggle? They usually have the depth of a puddle. Or they don’t exist.”
“if you gone come in second, you're just the first loser!”
“It is true that success is the most boring thing, it is tinny and brittle, failure runs deeper. Success is dangerous. I have a very complicated relationship with that word.”
“What is success? It is being able to go to bed each night with your soul at peace”
“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
“How many of us stop short of success on purpose? How many of us sabotage our own happiness because failure, while miserable, is a fear we're familiar with? Success, however, dreams come true, are a whole new kind of terrifying, an entire new species of responsibilities and disillusions, requiring a new way to think, act and become. Why do we REALLY quit? Because it's hopeless? Or because it's possible ”
“You must immerse yourself in your work. You have to fall in love with your work … You must dedicate your life to mastering your skill. That’s the secret of success.”
“Beware of those who are bitter, for they will never allow you to enjoy your fruit.”
“You cannot score a goal when you are sitting on the bench. To do so, you have to dress up and enter the game.”
“Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.”
“Her failure was a useful preliminary to success.”
“Success is not determined by the outcome. The outcome is the result of having already decided that you are successful to begin with.”
“5 Ways To Build Your Brand on Social Media: 1 Post content that add value 2 Spread positivity 3 Create steady stream of info 4 Make an impact 5 Be yourself”
“He shrugged his shoulders to shift the pain of failure---the pain that is so much greater than the pleasure of success.”
“The logic of worldly success rests on a fallacy: the strange error that our perfection depends on the thoughts and opinions and applause of other men!”
“Racing is about discipline and intelligence, not about who has the heavier foot. The one who drives smart will always win in the end.”
“Los Angeles is a town where status is all and status is only given to success. Dukes and millionaires and playboys by the dozen may arrive and be glad-handed for a time, but they are unwise if they choose to live there because the town is, perhaps even creditably, committed to recognising only professional success, and nothing else, to be of lasting value. The burdensome obligation imposed on all its inhabitants is therefore to present themselves as successes, because otherwise they forfeit their right to respect in that environment   There is no place in that town for the "interesting failure" or for anyone who is not determined on a life that will be shaped in a upward-heading curve.”
“FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.”
“Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. ”
“If fame is a curse, successful people by definition can’t be seen. Almost every person I admire has a quiet life at home with someone they love, working on projects they love designing their life as they love.”
“The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.”
“You can perhaps, in a number of circumstances, tell yourself that you can't have more than you have until you do better than you're doing, but by all means steer clear of its reverse, the creed of defeat, in saying that you can't do better than you're doing until you can have more than you have.”
“Optimists move through life with a happy exterior. What happens on the inside shows up on the outside.”
“Success, for most people, requires unlearning as much as learning.”
“Even small positive shifts in thinking, create huge results if you are consistent in your efforts”
“With sticky thinking you can become unstuck!”
“Happiness is something we reap from the seeds we sow. Plant misery seeds and that us what you reap.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.”
“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.”
“Quitting is never an option on the road to success. Find the way forward. If you have a positive mindset and are willing to persevere, there is little that is beyond your reach. The attitude of being ready to work even in the face of challenges and despite odds is what will make all the difference in your life.”
“When you give appreciation IN ORDER TO get something– it's manipulation and people can sense it. Appreciate genuinely.”
“You have had a dream for so many years. Let today be the day you make a plan for it. Just think about how much more likely you are to hit your target when you finally aim at it.”
“When your intentions are pure, so too will be your success.”
“Isana felt her throat tighten. "We failed." Serai lifted her chin and patted Isana's arm firmly. "We have not yet succeeded. There is a difference.”
“If we are looking for insurance against want and oppression, we will find it only in our neighbors' prosperity and goodwill and, beyond that, in the good health of our worldly places, our homelands. If we were sincerely looking for a place of safety, for real security and success, then we would begin to turn to our communities - and not the communities simply of our human neighbors but also of the water, earth, and air, the plants and animals, all the creatures with whom our local life is shared. (pg. 59, "Racism and the Economy")”
“Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.”
“Never allow your desires to lead you away from God; allow nothing else to control you other than God and His Word. No matter what you see or pass through, don’t allow them to define you.”
“I dont write books so that you can be fascinated with me. I write them so you can be fascinated with YOU!”
“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
“It's impossible to walk through solid rock  You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.”
“Dear Fellow Human Being, You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed! Tell yourself, You do not deserve this! All those toxic words you have to listen from people, All those fears they try to pin on your mind, All those giggles they aim at your dreams, All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality, All those fingers pointing towards your crude character, All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations, All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free, Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it. My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility. You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
“I suppose the secret of his success is in his tremendous idleness which almost approaches the supernatural.”
“Patience is a virtue not a vice.”
“We can’t continuously be a society of well-wishers. We must take action to bring those wishes to fruition.”
“Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.”
“If a craftsman wants to do good work, he must first sharpen his tools.”
“Do not let your good ideas to spend your brain energy, do it with all the effort because the shadow of the success can become a reality only with hard work.”
“You only struggle because you're ready to grow but aren't willing to let go.”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.”
“Big things begin with big thinking.”
“Discovering While Doing Is Natural  But,Doing Immediately After Discovering Is The Attitude of Winners!”
“We cannot reach the pinnacle except by taking advantage of the abilities we have and acquiring those that we do not.”
“I haven't failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that don't work.”
“We live in a system that espouses merit, equality, and a level playing field, but exalts those with wealth, power, and celebrity, however gained.”
“Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly  lead the way!”
“What I have achieved by industry and practice, anyone else with tolerable natural gift and ability can also achieve.”
“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“Rich will be my life if I can keep my memories full and brimming, and record them on clear-eyed mornings while I set joyously to work setting pen to holy craft.”
“Have more humility. Remember you don't know the limits of your own abilities. Successful or not, if you keep pushing beyond yourself, you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers.”
“Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.”
“No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.”
“Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need”
“Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.”
“Even if you are on the right track, but just sit there, you will still get run over.”
“For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them”
“Our moral economy went bankrupt long before our financial one.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.”
“When we give ourselves permission to fail..we at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel.”
“Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.”
“An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.”
“It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.”
“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
“Before you were born, and were still too tiny for the human eye to see, you won the race for life from among 250 million competitors. And yet, how fast you have forgotten your strength, when your very existence is proof of your greatness.”
“success awaits those who steadfastly commit to any requisite sacrifice”
“If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.”
“Credentials are like potential energy, the compliments of a name on paper, in documents, word of mouth, but faith is like kinetic energy, the motion and the force that which is witnessed. Hence in the end it is the faith rather than the credentials that really takes you places.”
“I Am ! Two powerful words . You must confess  I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.”
“Some people only dream of success… while others wake up and use Cosmic Ordering.”
“The phrase "it's better to be lucky than good" must be one of the most ridiculous homilies ever uttered. In nearly any competitive endeavor, you have to be damned good before luck can be of any use to you at all.”
“You are successful if you are able to work on the kind of material that you want to - if your life conforms to your dreams, regardless of outside acceptance or acclaim.”
“If you concentrate on small, manageable steps you can cross unimaginable distances.”
“Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!”
“To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.”
“Success teaches us nothing; only failure teaches.”
“All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.”
“Success is not what you have done compared to what others have done. Success is what you have done compared to what you were supposed to do.”
“Success goes to the ones who do. Get up. Show up. Throw up if you have to. Do it afraid, but do it no matter.”
“For the rest of history, for most of us, our bright promise will always fall short of being actualised; it will never earn us bountiful sums of money or beget exemplary objects or organisations . Most of us stand poised at the edge of brilliance, haunted by the knowledge of our proximity, yet still demonstrably on the wrong side of the line, our dealings with reality undermined by a range of minor yet critical psychological flaws (a little too much optimism, an unprocessed rebelliousness, a fatal impatience or sentimentality). We are like an exquisite high-speed aircraft which for lack of a tiny part is left stranded beside the runway, rendered slower than a tractor or a bicycle.”
“How we feel is not who we are. We might feel like failures, but as long as we are still trying, we are not failures. We are works in progress.”
“An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.”
“When we fail, our pride supports us, and when we succeed it betrays us.”
“Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.”
“Do not let your grand ambitions stand in the way of small but meaningful accomplishments.”
“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
“The key ingredient to any kind of happiness or success is to never give less than your best”
“Life is a web of intersections and choices. Your 1st choice is to recognize an intersection. Your 2nd choice is to be grateful for it.”
“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
“The condition and characteristic of an uninstructed person is this: he never expects from himself profit (advantage) nor harm, but from externals. The condition and characteristic of a philosopher is this: he expects all advantage and all harm from himself.”
“Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.”
“Some people dream of SUCCESS while other wake up and work hard at it.”
“The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!”
“And for all those years, we never talked about the disaster at the recital or my terrible accusations afterward at the piano bench. All that remained unchecked, like a betrayal that was now unbreakable. So I never found a way to ask her why she had hoped something so large that failure was inevitable. And even worse, I never asked her what frightened me the most: Why had she given up hope?”
“As an Odd-Fish, it is not my job to be right,' said Sir Oort. 'It is my job to be wrong in new and exciting ways.”
“Be aware that how you feel has a direct impact on your thinking process. When we set standards for ourselves they seem objective, but standards and goal-setting are totally subjective and personal." From The Biology of Success.”
“How would your life be different if you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.”
“If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.”
“No other ethnic group has even come close to matching the abilities and accomplishments of Jews.”
“Jews have been the most successful and productive nation in history.”
“We are so scared of losing everything that doesn't mean anything.”
“Success is not to discover what others like, it is to acquire and practise the skills that help one gain their love.”
“I think: you deserve to be what you are if you could bare to get that way. You must have seen it coming. And now there's nothing for you here. No one will protect you, and people won't see any reason not to do you harm.”
“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
“Opportunity doesn't make appointments, you have to be ready when it arrives.”
“The fishing is best where the fewest go and the collective insecurity of the world makes it easy for people to hit home runs while everyone is aiming for base hits.”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
“Don't try to follow trends. Create them.”
“A dream is a seed. Vision plants it. Imagination nurtures growth. Opportunities create blooms. Thoughts become things!”
“Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.”
“But in the military you don't get trusted positions just because of your ability. You also have to attract the notice of superior officers. You have to be liked. You have to fit in with the system. You have to look like what the officers above you think that officers should look like. You have to think in ways that they are comfortable with. The result was that you ended up with a command structure that was top-heavy with guys who looked good in uniform and talked right and did well enough not to embarrass themselves, while the really good ones quietly did all the serious work and bailed out their superiors and got blamed for errors they had advised against until they eventually got out. That was the military.”
“Formal education and current position can define your worthiness. What makes you extraordinary is defined by your attitude towards others.”
“Every achievement is a servitude. It compels us to a higher achievement.”
“Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters.”
“Marriage is the union of two 'I's to form a 'V'. Both 'I's have to tilt equally to make a good 'V'. 'I's standing tall can never make a 'V'.”
“A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between her work and her play; her labor and her leisure; her mind and her body; her education and her recreation. She hardly knows which is which. She simply pursues her vision of excellence through whatever she is doing, and leaves others to determine if she is working or playing. To herself, she always appears to be doing both.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“As much as I would really like to have saved myself heartache, embarrassment or gossip, I also know that my biggest mistakes have turned into my best lessons. And sometimes my greatest career triumphs. If my life had been turbulence-free, maybe my music would be beige, maybe the stadiums wouldn’t be full and the mantle would be a little more empty.”
“You see it as me going back. I see it as me staying on track.”
“Be like water, Flow like a river, Crash like the rain, Fly like the cloud again!”
“No amount of reading or memorizing will make you successful in life. It is the understanding and application of wise thought that counts." -Bob Proctor”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Let us waste no further time looking for the secret of success or the key to happiness. Already the door is open and whosoever will may enter.”
“Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action ..no matter what. So you're afraid? Be afraid. Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!”
“My priority is not about grades. I seek yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.”
“Since when is failure more appealing? Never give up.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up Lonley.”
“The First Law: Performance drives success, but when performance can’t be measured, networks drive success.”
“Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. Glass Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past Toys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire”
“Fortunate are those who take the first steps.”
“So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.”
“That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.”
“Stuff your brain with knowledge.”
“It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.”
“Any fool can hope when success lies plainly in view. It wants genuine strength to hope when matters are hopeless.”
“My dreams are worthless, my plans are dust, my goals are impossible. All are of no value unless they are followed by action.”
“There is a difference between talented people and gifted people.Talented people are good AT something; Gifted people ARE that something.”
“Success is a decision, not a gift.”
“No one can take the shot for you.”
“Don't nourish your fears more than you nourish your hopes.”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“Success is realising the true joy and wonder of life can only be yours if you follow your own intuition, aiming to achieve your bliss.”
“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
“A knock down has never been a knockout unless you allow it.”
“Nothing makes a person desire improvement like failure”
“The really essential factors of success in any undertaking are money and opportunity, and as a rule, the man who can make the first can make the second.”
“Imagine in vibrant detail your heart’s desire—a reality only you can envision, an adventure only you can direct. Then cradle your creation. Caress it. Mold it. Coddle it until it comes to life. And when your precious treasure grows so grand as to steal your breath away, set it free for all the world to experience. For that is how you live your dreams.”
“Ambition is not what a man would do, but what a man does, for ambition without action is fantasy.”
“For some people, their fear to lose is greater than their desire to succeed, so they end up doing nothing and their dreams become impossible.”
“I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.”
“Don`t allow ignorance to further enslave your destiny.”
“Doubts in your mind are a much greater roadblock to success than obstacles on the journey.”
“When the awareness of what is achievable brushes your life, your journey has begun.”
“Some people have just rented your body to live in it for sometime and depart. Others consider you as a permanent residence to dwell in forever. Which ever, you must remember to accommodate all those who want to be accommodated. Be each other's keeper”
“Nothing succeeds like success.”
“Success is assured when a person fears the pain of regret more than the pain of the process.”
“And the thing is, we can’t fail. We’ve already hit the bottom and come out of it. From here on out, if we just love and listen, we can’t go wrong, babe.”
“The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to life.”
“Those who reach for the Sun, usually drop the world.”
“Reconnect to what makes you happy and brings you Joy. If there is something that used to make you happy which you have stopped doing, do it again. Seek to find deeper meaning and significance rather than living on the surface.”
“When you know you can do something, and you feel good about yourself, you do not have to devalue others.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
“We all have our youthful follies, embarassing to recall -- but people somehow find it hard to dismiss as a youthful folly anything that has happened to be a financial success.”
“Don’t grieve when people fail to recognize your ability. Grieve for your lack of ability instead.”
“Momentum builds success.”
“This is an inevitable and easily recognizable stage in every revolutionary movement: reformers must expect to be disowned by those who are only too happy to enjoy what has been won for them.”
“If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.”
“With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.”
“I'm happy for all who reached for the stars happily and successfully.”
“The noble-minded worry about their lack of ability, not about people’s failure to recognize their ability.”
“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.”
“I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.”
“There's sometimes a tugging feeling you get to push further when you aren't being challenged enough or when things get too comfortable.”
“It's better to dare to dream big and achieve half of your dreams than to dream small dreams and achieve all”
“Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.”
“Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.”
“Seekers of wisdom, seekers of life.”
“With honest and straightforward business principles, close and careful attention to details, and the ability to take advantage of favourable opportunities and circumstances, there is a scope for success.”
“We should learn to smile as we fall, So much so as when we have it all.”
“Success is not a question of how much power or money you have acquired. It is a question of how satisfied you are with WHO YOU ARE.”
“Successful people do what they love, not what they are told to do.”
“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Ephron insisted, "It will be a little messy, but embrace the mess. It will be complicated, but rejoice in the complications. It will not be anything like what you think it will be like, but surprises are good for you. And don't be frightened: you can always change your mind. I know: I've had four careers and three husbands.”
“Successful people use failures to sharpen their intuition by acknowledging mistakes for what they truly are - feedback.”
“You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses You become outstanding by focusing on your strenghts.”
“When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Cultivate an optimistic mind, use your imagination, always consider alternatives, and dare to believe that you can make possible what others think is impossible.”
“Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats. Yet each struggle, each defeat, sharpens your skills and strengths, your courage and your endurance, your ability and your confidence and thus each obstacle is a comrade-in-arms forcing you to become better  or quit. Each rebuff is an opportunity to move forward; turn away from them, avoid them, and you throw away your future.”
“The true measure of a man is not what he dreams, but what he aspires to be; a dream is nothing without action. Whether one fails or succeeds is irrelevant; all that matters is that there was motion in his life. That alone affects the world.”
“Success and failure are two edges of the same blade, two sides of the same coin. To fear one is to forever deny the possibility of the other.”
“Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.”
“If one felt successful, there'd be so little incentive to be successful.”
“Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.”
“Do ordinary things extraordinarily well.”
“Friendship is not by force but by choice. You can never please everybody, he who aims to please everybody will end up pleasing nobody.”
“Yes, a deep lesson from the postage stamp. It attaches itself to a moveable material, the envelope and gets going. A good relationship keeps you going forward; a bad one keeps you static. Attach yourself to someone who is also going forward and you will also get there.”
“It's the place built out of Man's ceaseless failure to overcome himself. Out of Man's endless war against himself we build our successes as well as our failures. Making it the city of all cities most like Man himself— loneliest creation of all this very old poor earth.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“The grandest ambition that any man can possibly have, is to so live, and so improve himself in heart and brain, as to be worthy of the love of some splendid woman; and the grandest ambition of any girl is to make herself worthy of the love and adoration of some magnificent man. That is my idea. There is no success in life without love and marriage. You had better be the emperor of one loving and tender heart, and she the empress of yours, than to be king of the world. The man who has really won the love of one good woman in this world, I do not care if he dies in the ditch a beggar, his life has been a success.”
“Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.”
“Victory does not come to cowards;it comes to the brave ones.”
“The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success; success is deliberate!”
“Life may bring you to your knees; pray. Then GET UP and participate in the answer. BECOME the remedy! BE the solution!”
“It's not so much what you accomplish. But what's more important is how far you've come to accomplish what you have. Success is the measure of not mere achievement, but also how hard one had to work.”
“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
“Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.”
“God doesn't like it when we ask Him for the smallest things, dare to make your dream so big that He can conveniently fit into it and make your dream come true.”
“If all the world's a stage, I suggest you start performing at your best.”
“Dont struggle for salary.. DO struggle for Success..”
“Destiny, Talent, Calling, purpose. each of us came with our Talents, Purpose and Calling. What you do with them is the summary of your life here on earth.”
“It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.”
“You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.”
“Elusive success is not the same as failure.”
“The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.”
“Sometimes, you have to step into oblivion, in order to paint success.”
“We do not live to think, but, on the contrary, we think in order that we may succeed in surviving.”
“Two types of choices seem to me to have been crucial in tipping the outcomes [of the various societies' histories] towards success or failure: long-term planning and willingness to reconsider core values. On reflection we can also recognize the crucial role of these same two choices for the outcomes of our individual lives.”
“Strength and success - they are above morality, above criticism. It seems, then, that it is not what you do, but how you do it and what you call it. Is there a check in men, deep in them, that stops or punishes? There doesn't seem to be. The only punishment is for failure. In effect no crime is committed unless a criminal is caught.”
“‎Determination, effort, and practice are rewarded with success.”
“It was ironic, but when you scratched the surface, most successful men were working for one thing only--to retire--and the sooner the better. Whereas women were the complete opposite. She had never heard a woman say she was working so she could retire to a desert island or to live on a boat. It was probably, she thought, because most women didn't think they deserved to do nothing.”
“Whoever submits himself to a super-discipline can expect great triumphs.”
“Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently”
“If you are a success in life, there are places you must go and pay to be humiliated. It is an unwritten law that human beings must be tormented throughout their lives in one way or another. If you are fortunate enough to have risen to a social level where no one does it to you for free, then you must pay for the service. ”
“When you’re busy, avoid taking the quickest action. Instead make the extra effort to truly serve the customer.”
“It’s a shame how much artists have to bleed for people to enjoy their work.”
“Success is more a function of consistent common sense than it is of genius.”
“In Paris, where raillery is so quick to throw emotion out the window, silence, in a roomful of clever people after a story, is the most flattering of all marks of success”
“Success certainly isn’t achievement of popularity. Success in God’s kingdom is loving God, loving one another, and being faithful to what He’s called us to do.”
“Success for a woman means absolute surrender, in whatever direction. Whether she paints a picture, or loves a man, there is no division of labor possible in her economy. To the attainment of any end worth living for, a symmetrical sacrifice of her nature is compulsory upon her.”
“the old maxim  "there are three things necessary to success in life--Impudence! Impudence! Impudence!”
“The goal of retirement is to live off your assets-not on them”
“The way to be nothing is to do nothing”
“Do an evening review at the end of the day to reflect on what went well, and what you'd do differently next time.”
“You have had many successes, and you have earned the right to be respected.”
“hard work + smart work = eye caching success, shortcut is not ever”
“The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication. ”
“Sharing your success with others reveals your true humanity. Don't ever be afraid to open your heart to that practice. It has made all the world of difference to me.”
“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
“I am learning, and I believe I shall do quite well.”
“One person's success doesn't take away from your own.”
“[T]he concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul. We must be just, we must strive, we must engage ourselves with the business of the world for our own sake, because through that, and through contemplation in equal measure, our soul is purified and brought closer to the divine.   Thought and deed conjoined are crucial.   The attempt must be made; the outcome is irrelevant. Right action is a pale material reflection of the divine, but reflection it is, nonetheless. Define your goal and exert reason to accomplish it by virtuous action; successs or failure is secondary.”
“To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.”
“So throw off all desires, remove all the dust from your eyes, be at ease within, not longing for something, not even for God. Every longing is the same, whether for a big car, or God, or a big house, makes no difference. Longing is the same. Don’t long – just be. Don’t even look – just be! Don’t think! Let this moment be there, and you in it, and suddenly you have everything – because life is there. Suddenly everything starts showering on you, and then this moment becomes eternal and then there is no time. It is always the now. It never ends, never begins. But then you are in it, not an outsider. You have entered the whole, you have recognized who you are.”
“If you don’t fight for your dreams, you won’t earn anything. If you don’t anything, you will beg for everything.”
“Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you. I know people who have a lot of money, and they get testimonial dinners and they get hospital wings named after them. But the truth is that nobody in the world loves them. If you get to my age in life and nobody thinks well of you, I don't care how big your bank account is, your life is a disaster. That's the ultimate test of how you have lived your life. The trouble with love it that you can't buy it. You can buy sex. You can buy testimonial dinners. You can buy pamphlets that say how wonderful you are. But the only way to get love is to be lovable. It's very irritating if you have a lot of money. You'd like to think you could write a check: I'll buy a million dollars' worth of love. But it doesn't work that way. The more you give love away, the more you get." — Warren Buffett”
“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
“Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.”
“You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended.You can ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold positions that cannot be attacked.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
“Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success.  ”
“Run wild and free like a waterfall”
“If you drop your beliefs, you drop your success. God's mighty people begin to fall even as achievers when they begin to drop the beliefs they pursue at first.”
“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
“You know you made it, when people you know, tell people they know, that you know them.”
“Not every hen lay eggs. Not every hen that lays eggs gets them hatched. Not everyone born with greatness becomes as such. Go, hatch your eggs.”
“The strength of every individual is the grace for great work.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.”
“The greater the success, the closer it verges on failure.”
“A lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn't help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Millan would be up here with that damn dog. So all I can say is, 'suck it, Jesus! This award is my God now'!”
“Sina jinsi. Nguzo ya maisha yangu ni historia ya maisha yangu. Historia ya maisha yangu ni urithi wa watu waliojifunza kusema hapana kwa ndiyo nyingi – waliojitolea vitu vingi katika maisha yao kunifikisha hapa nilipo leo – walionifundisha falsafa ya kushindwa si hiari. Siri ya mafanikio yangu ni kujitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wangu wote; au 'pushing the envelope' kwa lugha ya kigeni.”
“If you're always following the crowd, you will never truly know who you are. Walk your own path.”
“Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticise you. It is much better to be criticised for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries of life.”
“Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.”
“Success is a choice; you choose it and work it out! Excellence is deliberate and so it is intentionally pursued. No successful person ever remained idle for success to knock his/her door for him/her”
“Self determination is greatest will power.”
“When I was small I felt like a Superhero as my father threw me up in the air. Now after reaching this success peak I unmask - Real Superhero made me Superhero!”
“What the fertilizer does to the germinating plant is what happiness does for a depressed soul  What anger does to a person is what an acid does to its container!”
“I'm Poppy”
“don't read the success stories you will get message but read the failure stories you will get the ideas become successful”
“You only have to doze a moment, and all is lost. For ruin and salvation both have their source inside you.”
“Social media isn’t a brand strategy. Social media is a channel. While it’s important for a brand to develop something to say, it’s more important to create something that will be heard.”
“Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.”
“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”
“One may not always know his purpose until his only option is to monopolize in what he truly excels at. He grows weary of hearing the answer 'no' time and time again, so he turns to and cultivates, monopolizes in his one talent which others cannot possibly subdue. Then, beyond the crowds of criticism and rejection, the right people recognize his talent - among them he finds his stage.”
“Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.”
“Don't die without fulfilling your purpose.”
“Listen for the call of your destiny, and when it comes, release your plans and follow.”
“Every man has a specific skill, whether it is discovered or not, that more readily and naturally comes to him than it would to another, and his own should be sought and polished. He excels best in his niche - originality loses its authenticity in one's efforts to obtain originality.”
“INTENT reveals desire; ACTION reveals commitment.”
“Dare to be different. Represent your maker well and you will forever abide in the beautiful embrace of his loving arms.”
“God is never tired of bringing the sun out every morning, taking it in the evenings and bringing out the moon.”
“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
“Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.”
“Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.”
“The ultimate story of success: When a nobody, who has never once in his entire life known the feeling of being remembered or respected, suddenly snaps and becomes a world dictator. On one hand it sounds just, but on the other, it illustrates the reason why a prosperity message has and needs its limitations.”
“Without enthusiasm then what we have surrounded ourselves with becomes worthless.”
“Success works as a cycle - growth and contraction, balancing and unbalancing - all while you're encountering hurdles that get higher and higher over time.”
“The secret code of success is patience, a virtue that can not be replaced. It takes time to build great dreams.”
“Want something else more than success. Success is a lovely thing, but your desire to say something, your worth, and your identity shouldn’t rely on it, because it’s not guaranteed and it’s not permanent and it’s not sufficient. So work hard, fall in love with the writing—the characters, the story, the words, the themes—and make sure that you are who you are regardless of your life circumstances. That way, when the good things come, they don’t warp you, and when the bad things hit you, you don’t fall apart.”
“BREAKING NEWS: You're awesome and designed for success; live this day accordingly!”
“Behind a life of influence you will find a masterful storyteller.”
“Getting lost is not fatal. Almost every time, it will make your world.”
“Only great fools remain ungrateful.”
“Whether you dance, draw, make music, shoot field goals, build houses, tune engines, or sit around all day watching television, you are an artist. Your single greatest work of art is your self. As with any art form, the more you understand and develop your talents, the more empowered and masterful you become as an artist. This is particularly important when engaging in the art of consciously shaping your own life.”
“I would hesitate to use the word 'success' in the way many people do. I don't know that I would apply it to what I've done as though I have now reached the ultimate goal. To me success is a continuing thing. It is growth and development. It is achieving one thing and using that as a stepping stone to achieve something else. Success comes as you have confidence in yourself. Self-confidence is built by succeeding, even if the success is small. It is the believing that makes it possible.”
“Do not look down with disdain on what Christ spent so much to achieve for you.”
“The fundamental virtue of success is that it allows you to know the true significance of what it means to have the freedom to make your dreams come true.”
“The awful penalty of success is the haunting dread of subsequent failure.”
“To soar, we must leave anything that weighs us down ”
“The mind is the mine of man, wherein he digs out good or evil.”
“Moja putanja spiralnog je oblika i život je postupno odmata. Sudjelujem, svakodnevno gubim ponešto slobode, umaram glasnice, ali uspjet ću već zbog toga što nisam motiviran koristoljubljem.”
“No man succeeds without faith. Whether you call it religious faith or label it something else. I don't feel anything worthwhile is accomplished without it. When you believe there is a Supreme Being guiding the destiny of this universe and that within each of us there is a little part of that Being, then you will have faith in yourself, in your country, in that Supreme Being, and in humanity itself.”
“If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.”
“The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.”
“Because memory is time folding back on itself. To remember is to disengage from the present. In order to reach any kind of success in automobile racing, a driver must never remember.”
“Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.”
“It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.”
“Philosophy, art, politics, religion and bohemia have never sought to do away entirely with the status hierarchy; they have attemptee, rather, to institute new kinds of hierarchies based on sets of values unrecognised by, and critical of, those of the majority.. They have provided us with persuasive and consoling reminders that there is more than one way of succeeding in life.”
“Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.”
“You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.”
“If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.”
“Success is counted sweetest by those ne'er succeed.”
“The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.”
“life is a continous journey of transformation”
“Man is an end in himself.”
“On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.”
“character is not made in a crisis- it is only exhibited”
“I wokeup in morning and saw, world has move on”
“We are pathfinders on a mission, Beholders following the Light, Runners gunning for the prize and Fighters remaining focused You have been described, do not accept any other description!”
“The ladder of success is there waiting for you  you just have to realize it and reach towards and climb as high as you can you will surely be successful.”
“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
“Success comes to those who hustle wisely.”
“Never sit back and wait for a opportunity to find you, get up and search for one, it exists find it!”
“Failure is The Way of Success”
“Bukan doa orang lain yang membuat anda sukses atau gagal, tapi karena anda telah mengaminkannya, sadar atau tak sadar.”
“When you've succeeded, you'd say: 'Indeed I'd to go through those hell before fit into all of this happiness.”
“Successful people play the part of being successful consistently in all that they do.”
“I don't define success by how much money someone makes. I don't define success by how many trophies or plaques or awards someone has. I don't define it by membership in exclusive clubs or the ability to name-drop about someone's famous friends. I don't define it by how many luxury cars or opulent homes someone might own or how many sumptuous vacations they might taken in exotic locales all over the globe. I don't define success oh, hell, I'm just kidding. Actually, all that stuff is fantastic !”
“The devil can be a clown of prizes in moments like these. Moments of knowing you’ve ventured too far down the wrong path and all you can do is accept more prizes  ”
“I couldn't do no yodelin', so I turned to howlin'. And it's done me just fine.”
“Do the things you were sent here to do effectively.”
“Firestarters are flexible. They recognize situational needs and are able to flow into the accessible role identity most relevant to overcome emergent challenges.”
“Freedom in any moment is a product of two things: the autonomy you feel and the support for autonomy that the moment allows.”
“The lesson of Buffett was: To succeed in a spectacular fashion you had to be spectacularly unusual.”
“If you want to be a successful runner, you have to consider everything. It's no good just thinking about endurance and not to develop fine speed.”
“I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.”
“Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.”
“It is questionable, for that matter, whether success is an adequate response to life. Success can eliminate as many options as failure.”
“Whoever is under a man's power is under his protection, too.”
“As a child, at the age when others promise to be Chateaubriand or nothing, I had written that I would be myself or nothing. I had certainly not foreseen that one day I would find myself in the position of being both myself and nothing. 65”
“Os livros são escritos devido a anos virados do avesso por ideias que não nos libertam até serem escritas e, até mesmo então, a escrita é o último recurso, um resgate desesperado que pagamos para que a vida nos seja devolvida.”
“Actually, I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years.”
“ at some point you need to stop looking out at others and start looking inward, at yourself, at your own accomplishments, at your own foibles, at your own successes and your own failures. It's only when you begin to look inward that you can begin to have an effect on those out there, the ones with the greedy eyes and outstretched hands.”
“It had evidently not occurred to her as yet that those who consent to share the bread of adversity may want the whole cake of prosperity for themselves.”
“Anything worthy is worth the fight!”
“Success is messy. But so is life. Deal with it. Poverty is messier.”
“Good life is not a sprint. It’s an exerting marathon of purpose, passion, patience and perseverance. It’s the road where faith and hard work meet. It is an unusual love adventure between success and failure. It is where truth is a belt and integrity a shield. It is knowing your lane, staying on your lane and running your own race. It’s a road loathed and less traveled by most men.”
“Don't die before you're dead.”
“I realized that success in most things depends on finding people stupid enough to volunteer to try doing them but smart enough to have a chance of succeeding.”
“Nothing that can deterrent for a determined.A tenacious person flys against all on odds, sails in a rough sea, and travels in uncharted territory.”
“She looks embarrassed, sitting on that stool, to be who she is now. She seems pained by all the compliments Muriel's colleagues are giving her. Success rests more easily on men.”
“النجاح في الحياة ليس هو ما تنجزه لنفسك، أو تحصل عليه لشهواتك الخاصة، بل النجاح الحقيقي هو ما تنجزه للآخرين، ما يستفيد منه غيرك، لأن شهواتك زائلة، ولا أحد غيرك يذكرها، أما إنجازاتك للآخرين فإن العالم كله سيذكرها، وستصبح تاريخاً، فتاريخ البشرية هو تاريخ الأفعال المؤثرة على المجموع، لا تاريخ الأحداث الشخصية للفرد الواحد.”
“The biggest thing holding you back is you. Start there.”
“when you want to go up that mountain and everyone else around you is telling you that is too hard, and you’ll never going to make it, please listen to that small voice inside your heart and one day you will reach the mountain top”
“Stop Being Incremental! If your system no longer delivers the results you want, don’t go for incremental changes, instead go for complete transformation.”
“Dying," Morrie suddenly said, "is only one thing to be sad over, Mitch. Living unhappily is something else. So many of the people who come to visit me are unhappy.”
“People have't found meaning in their lives so they're running all the time looking for it.”
“The effort you put into something is never wasted, even if it leads you to disappointing results. Your efforts make you wiser, more skilled , and more experienced and that's a positive outcome for any effort. Show yourself approved!”
“Every failure is a chance to make things better than ever”
“You are not humble, you are not teachable, and you are not trustworthy, but you want to succeed. Do you think success is a piece of cake?”
“The success of an enterprise is determined not only by its financial success but also by the positive influence it has on people's lives and the progress of a country.”
“Connecting with others gives us a sense of inclusion, connection, interaction, safety, and community. Your vibe attracts your tribe, so if you want to attract positive and healthy relationships, be one! Staying connected and getting reconnected feeds the flow of goodness which empowers our humanity.”
“You can do this, and if you can't do it today, you'll do it tomorrow. You are not a failure.”
“Those who keep sitting idle and waiting for miracles to happen cannot be a part of the process and hence, their ideas never get any closer to reality.”
“Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.”
“Did you once have a grand plan which has become obsolete and no longer serves you? If there are areas in your life which must change to help you create better results, a redesign may be in order. Consider going back to the ‘drawing board’ to deconstruct what isn’t working and start anew.”
“Be a life-long learner. Whether you are seeking to achieve peace and harmony, learn a new technology to do your work faster, or design a strategy to blow your competitors out of the water, retraining is a pivotal way to strengthen your knowledge and realize your goals”
“Men's lives are short . The hard man and his cruelties will be Cursed behind his back and mocked in death. But one whose heart and ways are kind - of him strangers will bear report to the whole wide world, and distant men will praise him. - Penelope in Robert Fitzgerald trans. THE ODYSSEY (364)”
“Enlightenment is like quantum tunneling - when everyone sees walls and barriers, enlightened one sees infinite possibilities.”
“We ought to relentlessly ignore excuses, especially those we are told by ourselves.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“It's only out of reach when you choose to keep your feet flat on the floor.”
“When it comes to making the right moves at the right time, your dance partner is life itself or what can be referred to as your destiny. The more you pay attention and practice intuitive decision making skills, the better you will become at sensing the unique rhythm of your life.”
“The best way of handling astrological transits is to go with the flow. If the Universe is leading you to a certain place by hook or by crook, there’s probably a reason.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“It`s Okay to Play or Work Alone in the Information Age But If We Must Make Headway in this Transformation Age, Collaboration is the Way to Go.”
“Success is determined by how best you can utilize your time”
“Time utilization and effectiveness is a major marker for success”
“The sure way to succeed Is to endure to the very end.”
“Even if yesterday was wildly successful, I still don’t want to repeat it. Rather, I want to build on it.”
“When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.”
“The most successful people in the world today are entrepreneurs”
“For you to be successful in your promised land, you must study the land”
“Never give up just because you failed initially”
“Your daily product determines how far you go”
“The purpose is to get across; change horses mid-stream if necessary.”
“How critical it is to stay focused on Jesus Christ.”
“Your Hard is Silence, Let your success be your noise.”
“I thank you for your time. I can’t say that I wish you success—as we all have our turns with it, after all. However, I will wish you peace, happiness, and enlightenment—things that not everyone, even the most powerful, is successful at having.”
“Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve." ”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“I was free with every road as my home. No limitations and no commitments. But then summer passed and winter came and I fell short for safety. I fell for its spell, slowly humming me to sleep, because I was tired and small, too weak to take or handle those opinions and views, attacking me from every angle. Against my art, against my self, against my very way of living. I collected my thoughts, my few possessions and built isolated walls around my values and character. I protected my own definition of beauty and success like a treasure at the bottom of the sea, for no one saw what I saw, or felt the same as I did, and so I wanted to keep to myself. You hide to protect yourself.”
“If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you — envy, jealousy, and resentment may put out your flame before it grows.”
“Success requires no explanations. Failure permits no alibis.”
“The tower of success stands on the pillars of vision, action, patience and the character to withstand criticisms.”
“It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.”
“Be a person that others will look for your posts daily because they know you will encourage them. Be the positive one and help others to have a great day and you will find that not only they like you but you will like you too.”
“Success needs vision to see, passion to transcend, patience to withstand and the character to overcome failures.”
“No matter how you define success, you will need to be resilient, empowered, authentic, and limber to get there.”
“People who are ready to learn are those who will be the best to lead.”
“Winners were not born winners; they learnt and practiced how to win and they have it! Everyone who gives a great testimony about his/her life begins with a beginning that was "inadequate" until something happened  an a breakthrough became evident!”
“You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.”
“Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it.”
“People who found something to live and die for always live in the hope of success. They never allow doubts to create distances between them and their harvest time. That is also their decision.”
“If you want to make a stand, help others make a stand, and if you want to reach your goal, help others reach their goal. Consider yourself and treat others accordingly: this is the method of Humanity.”
“You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.”
“To succeed in this competition means finding yourself in a place where you call the shots and get the gains. This is not an easy feat, unless you are born into it. if you are not, you will need to out-smart your equals. You need to be more ambitious than they are. You need to work harder. You need to look better and smarter. You need to justify why it should be you and not them. It’s a competition.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Start small and keep going.”
“If you work hard, and become successful, it does not necessarily mean you are successful because you worked hard, just as if you are tall with long hair it doesn't mean that you would be a midget if you were bald.”
“Being sick successfully is not included in society’s panoply of worthy goals.”
“In Catcher in the Rye , the protagonist Holden Caulfield mentions reading books that make him wish he could be friends with the author and be able to call him on the phone and so forth. I would consider a literary work that made someone feel this way a success. Furthermore, it’s the only kind of success in literature that means anything to me.”
“No experience is wasted. It is the stepping stones for a great success.”
“Who dare tries is a success, and shall master the art of conquering dreams.”
“There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.”
“Don’t just manage; go extra mile and win your race. Never give up the fight. You will win.”
“Never give up on the fight until you win the belt.”
“A beautiful idea can give you immortality—not success or money.”
“The only limitation is that which one sets up in one's own mind.”
“Leaving what feels secure behind and following the beckoning of our hearts doesn't always end as we expect or hope. We may even fail. But here's the payoff: it can also be amazing and wonderful and immensely satisfying.”
“One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light.”
“Have nuts and be nuts.”
“WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine Excellent Runners!”
“He who has the audacity to stop you from dreaming is he who had given you the imaginations to think, but not those who watch you as you explore the dreams!”
“This just gets worse and worse," Rob Pierre sighed as he skimmed Leonard Boardman's synopsis of his latest gleanings from the Solarian League reporters covering the PRH. "How can one person—one person, Oscar!—do this much damage? She's like some damned elemental force of nature!" "Harrington?" Oscar Saint-Just quirked an eyebrow and snorted harshly at Pierre's nodded confirmation. "She's just happened to be in the right places—or the wrong ones, I suppose, from our perspective—for the last, oh, ten years or so. That's the official consensus from my analysts, at least. The other theory, which seems to have been gaining a broader following of late, is that she's in league with the Devil.”
“COMPETITOR is one who can steal a few deals, but, the pinch of which, A VISIONARY Never feels !”
“Gloating is a superficial glowing, floating is an idle flowing, and bloatedness is the paralysis of blowing up; because silent movement results in loud victories.”
“Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!”
“Giving is the master key to success, in all applications of human life.”
“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
“Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you hence the delusion necessary to push on.”
“It is during our failures that we discover our true desire for success.”
“No matter how loud the sirens or how numerous the hazard signs, we all touch the flames at least once to prove they're hot.”
“Failure has its successes.”
“Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy, To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!”
“You mark and celebrate errors, transforming failures into successes.”
“Success comes to us when we have a burning desire to achieve and we focus our full power on achieving that.”
“I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success victory; it has my complete focus.”
“Success is Never Ending, Failure Is Never Final.”
“Success is not the end of the journey. It is the beginning of the expression of your infinite potential.”
“Everybody achieves success in life—a blessed few early in their careers, the rest of us when we lower our standards”
“Nothing is impossible, Everything should be possible when we trying for achieve the goal”
“We must thank to all the failed people in the history as they showed us the true way to success!”
“I shall not dwell in the past  I shall not dread the present  I shall not fear the Future  For as Long as I live  I shall only think of success.”
“Wasifu wa viongozi wa Kolonia Santita ni siri kwa sababu siri ni siri ya mafanikio.”
“Success will not come to you like a baby who came to his mother”
“If you say you can't, you won't! The only thing holding you back from success is yourself.”
“Be as successful as a Smith.”
“A man who fails well is greater than one who succeeds badly.”
“Lineage, personality, and environment may shape you, but they do not define your full potential.”
“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
“Don't call yourself discouraged anymore;it's no longer your name.”
“Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.”
“With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.”
“Dominate in your domain; You can do it.”
“The only secret of wealth creation is knowing how to use Cosmic Ordering.”
“Human beings are incredibly slow, Cosmic Ordering is incredibly fast!”
“Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is a new day - seize it!”
“The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.”
“You are not permitted to live and die as a non-entity because you have encountered the greatness that is associated with Christ.”
“True success is a silence inner process that can empower the mind, heart and soul through strong aspiration for great achievement.”
“There is a funny story I always tell my students when I came for the first time to the US. I didn’t speak English (Only Spanish) & I saw on every door the word “exit” which in Spanish means Success = Exito. And then I said :”No wonder Americans are winners ,every door they take leads to success” ~smile :)”
“I rather now strive to reach rather than wait to receive!”
“The price you have to pay to be great at something - is repetition.”
“Everybody talks about being rich, Cosmic Ordering does something about it.”
“Often the only difference between success and failure is not using Cosmic Ordering.”
“When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!”
“Believe and achieve with Cosmic Ordering.”
“Cosmic Ordering success sticks to you like mud to a blanket.”
“On the road to success some will always expect tragedy   ditch your doubts and experience success with Cosmic Ordering.”
“Whatever your desire, use Cosmic Ordering to get what you require!”
“In the beginning man was poor, then along came Cosmic Ordering.”
“A clever person solves a problem; a wise person uses Cosmic Ordering!”
“Twenty years from now you will be disappointed you never used Cosmic Ordering today.”
“A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.”
“To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.”
“There are more triumphs than defeats with Cosmic Ordering.”
“Success is not only a goal. It is a journey. When you commit yourself to the journey, the goal is surely there to be attained.”
“Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.”
“Don't say negative things about your spouse and children.”
“When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.”
“You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.”
“You recreate your world to your taste with God's Word in your mouth.”
“God rewards every act of obedience to His Will.”
“You may not attain the highest height with one leap but my dear; you will reach your destination.”
“Your mouth is not given to you for feeding alone; it is given to you to programme events and circumstance around you.”
“Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!”
“The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to make your life comfortable in His presence.”
“I awoke one morning to find myself famous.”
“Worship is the marriage of two Spirits - the Spirit of God and the Spirit of man.”
“Create your world with God's Word in your mouth just say it and it will be accomplished!”
“So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.”
“Your status has changed. Your Name is changed! You are a new creation.”
“He is the only option for better living.”
“Man is like a bride unto God. God is jealous when man veers away from Him.”
“Another way of remaining in intimacy with God is by remaining in His presence.”
“The presence of the Lord destroys a life of struggle. You will struggle until you encounter His presence.”
“An exceedingly well-informed report,' said the General. 'You have given yourself the trouble to go into matters thoroughly, I see. That is one of the secrets of success in life.”
“We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.”
“God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.”
“The choice is yours. Don't let your pronouncements destroy your destiny rather let them build your future up!”
“Let your words glorify God and edify your hearers and then beautify your life.”
“Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.”
“God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!”
“God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.”
“Everyone that enters through Him is secured and the person shall find pastures for himself. Jesus really cares!”
“You don't need to go running from pillar to post looking for what God looks like.”
“Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.”
“It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.”
“It is easy to surpass a predecessor, but difficult to avoid being surpassed by a successor.”
“Money. The ultimate motivation. The ultimate way of keeping score.”
“A strong man does not succumb to pressures, he knows that without pressures he will not find pleasures and so he will not be made.”
“Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make difference.”
“Patience and persistence are the keys  The keys to unlock doors of success  With these two virtues, you grow in reasoning and experience.”
“Happy roads is bunk. Weary roads is right. Get you nowhere fast. That's where I've got—nowhere. Where everyone lands in the end, even if most of the suckers won't admit it.”
“The quest for a lost city erodes your body, damaging you beyond all reason. But it is your mind that bears the heaviest toll. Listen to the doubters, the worriers and the weak, and the vaguest hope of success evaporates.”
“Sometimes success is simply being willing to give it your all.”
“You can actually recreate your world with the Word of the Creator in your mouth.”
“100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
“I am unique I play by a different set of rules; I am not intimidated by anything.”
“God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.”
“Previous journeys in search of treasure have taught me that a zigzag strategy is the best way to get ahead.”
“Human beings have an extraordinary capacity to imagine possibilities and then turn those possibilities into realities. Evident in the gifts of civilization—in our arts, languages, sciences, technologies, businesses, governments, and so on—it is clear that we are a profoundly creative species. Yet many of us only access a smidgen of our creativity.”
“The way to achieve your goals is step by step, you just need to build enough track, to be ahead of the train." ~ John Milton Lawrence”
“Knowledge is very vital in life`s transformation and transition”
“The minute you start talking about what you’re going to do if you lose, you have lost.”
“Try to turn as many soft, aspirational goals as possible into success criteria, and make them specific enough that you can actually tell whether or not you've met them.”
“I felt sure we could gain the upper hand by putting ourselves in the mindset of the Incas.”
“Life will be a whole lot better if we understand what our salvation in Christ means.”
“Yes, all you need do is to change your orientation and have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ that He can make you whole, change your status, and add value to your destiny.”
“It doesn't matter how wealthy you may be in material things, what matters is do you know what to do with those wealth?”
“On the road to success, even little stones may cause you fall down! If you are not serious and careful, forget about reaching your target!”
“The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via the cares of this world.”
“When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.”
“Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.”
“Set out time to worship God in your closet, give Him quality praise and watch Him raise you.”
“your right standing with God and your connection to Him remains your strongest defense in the day of calamity.”
“He would never again need anything from his mother and father but their love.”
“There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?”
“Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.”
“Compete like you cannot fail.”
“The first step is the most important. It is the most crucial and the most effective as it will initiate the direction you have chosen.”
“If obstacles are large, jump higher.”
“If not now, when?”
“Act like a champion, and then become one.”
“It is action that creates motivation.”
“Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.”
“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
“If you remain static and wait for success to come to you it will certainly not happen.”
“If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.”
“Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.”
“Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You’ve got to be committed.”
“If not you, who?”
“It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.”
“Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.”
“Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.”
“Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.”
“See it, feel it, trust it!”
“The only test is what you see when you look in a mirror.”
“It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.”
“(Ulrich, 100 year old Bulgarian man): in Solo, by Rana Dasgupta "Ulrich has sometimes wondered whether his life has been a failure. Once he would have looked at all this and said yes. But now he does not know what it means for a life to succeed or fail. How can a dog fail its life, or a tree? A life is just a quantity; and he can no more see failure in it than he can see failure in a pile of earth, or a bucket of water. Failure and success are foreign terms to such blind matter." (p. 160)”
“If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.”
“The sprint is like life   blink and you miss it.”
“Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.”
“You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.”
“Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.”
“Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.”
“Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.”
“The more we see ourselves as a vibrant, successful, inspiring person who boldly declares and manifests her vision, the more we become just that.”
“The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.”
“People think that the opposite of success is failure, but it's not. Failure is part of the process of success.”
“I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate.”
“If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.”
“Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.”
“See it first in your mind, then become it.”
“Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.”
“Invest your energy in the things you can control.”
“Morale and attitude are fundamentals to success.”
“A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.”
“Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.”
“Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.”
“Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.”
“They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.”
“To think is good. To obsess is bad.”
“The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.”
“Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.”
“When you think a positive thought, you become positive.”
“For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.”
“The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.”
“If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.”
“These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.”
“Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.”
“The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.”
“Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.”
“Life is a journey worth making.”
“Be confident in your approach to success in having a better future. Take risks, try new things, become diligent, and find new techniques because in the end you will develop a compelling emotional element.”
“To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.”
“Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.”
“Ultimate prosperity is one's value within. It takes a man of depth, morality, and charm to be envied yet without a sign of wealth or romance. A passion to prove such inner worth is his permission to achieve whatever he desires.”
“Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.”
“The only credential the city asked was the boldness to dream. For those who did, it unlocked its gates and its treasures, not caring who they were or where they came from.”
“In those things toward which we exerted our best endeavors we succeeded.”
“The measure of a society is not only what it does but the quality of its aspirations.”
“Failure isn't bad if it doesn't attack the heart. Success is all right if it doesn't go to the head.”
“When Marconi suggested the possibility of wireless transmission of sound (the radio),he was committed to a mental institution. But people like Lincoln, Edison, and Marconi were strongly motivated. So they didn't give up. They somehow knew that the only real failure is the one from which we learn nothing. They seemed to go on the assumption that there is no failure greater than the failure of not trying, and so they continued to try in the face of repeated failures.”
“Many of our problems are broadly similar to those that undermined   Norse Greenland, and that many other past societies also struggled to solve. Some of those past societies failed (like the Greenland Norse) and others succeeded   The past offers us a rich database from which we can learn in order that we may keep on succeeding.”
“The library is full of stories of supposed triumphs which makes me very suspicious of it. It's misleading for people to read about great successes, since even for middle-class and upper-class white people, in my experience, failure is the norm”
“Your greatest responsibility in your life is to be the best version of yourself. When you feel for what the soul believes that is who you become.”
“I can only strive for what is important”
“As Henry Moore carved or modelled his sculpture every day, he strove to surpass Donatello 4. and failed, but woke the next morning elated for another try.”
“He'd had his career, his triumphs. Success had brought him nothing but misery; he couldn't handle it. Success had thrown him in the gutter”
“As Tim followed me up the narrow stairwell, he playfully pinched my butt with every step, a pleasant (and painful--in a black-and-blue sort of way) reminder that all I had yearned for as a student twenty-five years before had come true, even if I hadn't taken the time to notice it until now: I was happy. At twenty years old, had I articulated what I thought I needed in life, I would have probably said a big house, a successful husband, and a great career. Yet all I really needed for true happiness was the homeless, unemployed bus driver right behind me, pinching my butt every step of the way.”
“Some false representations contravene the law; some do not.   The sensibilities of no two men are the same. Some would refuse to sell property without carefully explaining all about its merits and defects, and putting themselves in the purchasers' place and inquiring if he himself would buy under the circumstances. But such men never would be prosperous merchants.”
“The successful cannot be unhappy -- it was a contradiction in terms.”
“At this rate, I'm still going to be aspiring by the time I'm expiring.”
“Success shuns the man who lacks ideas.”
“How many stopped-up men and women does it take to produce one Einstein? Ten? A thousand? A hundred thousand?   So this is what Einstein meant when he looked me in the eye that day and said, I would be nothing without you. It was not success he saw written in my face. He saw, rather, that I would never accomplish anything at all.”
“If you fail at the large things it means you have not large ambitions. Concentration, focus - that is all. The aptitudes come, the tools forge themselves.”
“You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.”
“ We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. ”
“If I have succeeded better than many who surround me, it has been chiefly - may I say almost solely - from universal assiduity.”
“يتم الوصول الى السعادة بطريقة من ثلاث:الأولى :وجود شيء تتطلع إليه أو تترقبه , الثانية :بالمشاركة ,الثالثة : جعل شخص آخر سعيدا.”
“Cultivate your curiosity. Keep it sharp and always working. Consider curiosity your life preserver, your willingness to try something new. Second, enlarge your enthusiasm to include the pursuit to excellence, following every task through to completion. Third, make the law of averages work for you. By budgeting your time more carefully than most people you can make more time available. Does the combination of curiosity, enthusiasm, and the law of averages guarantee success Indeed it does not   Success in the final analysis always involves luck or the element of chance. Louis Pasteur grasped this well when he said that chance favors the prepared mind.”
“Whatever beginning goals you set for yourself, following through on them will build momentum and a sense of achievement and those small success will point the way to bigger ones”
“Failure are given power, not success ..”
“Because I keep it real and reality is a ruthless bitch. Plus I wanna make money – you cool with that?” - Gable”
“Don't you have an audience? Are you upset? Stop nonsense like emotional collapse, be your own audience! Do not leave your progress in your life to the discretion and help of others, move forward in any situation!”
“He gritted his teeth with determination. He wasn't going to make it easy for her to walk away from their marriage. Damn her, anyway. She'd been the primary reason he'd worked sixteen hour days. She'd come from wealth, and his pride wouldn't allow her to climb down to marry someone who couldn't provide for her the sort of elevated lifestyle. The success he had achieved had been for her and their marriage. But her patience had run out and she'd followed suit. He'd never forgive her for leaving him high and dry. (Chapter 4)”
“Success is a slow, long process of repetition.”
“They will want you to succeed, but never more than them.”
“. Appreciate who you are by focusing on your unique potential and talent, building on it, and acting on it.”
“Never look down on yourself; see yourself as capable of achieving anything you have intention of. Live your life to achieve your purpose.”
“Make your purpose a reality. Align your actions with your purpose towards who you want to be.”
“One who perseveres in pursuit of their aspirations is a victor.”
“For within the heart of curiosity, lies the secret of greatness.”
“Curiosity, in its purest form, also nurtures the essence of creativity. It encourages us to view things from new perspectives, to imagine the unimaginable, and to create what has never been created before.”
“Try different activities to see which skill is best suitable for your success. Without variety, you'll never truly know.”
“We could never know what works best for us if we weren't curious.”
“If they don’t apologise to you, don’t’ let it hold you from living your best life.”
“Be wary of living a life that is full of movement but lacks action, because this may lead to a life that is devoid of meaning.”
“As the earth yearns for rain, so does our clime yearns for MEGA leaders”
“If I believed in this worldview, I would turn to God for my purpose and satisfaction instead of trying to find value in drugs, friendships, relationships, money, success, prosperity and other fleeting things. I would understand these things aren't capable of meeting all my needs (spiritual, emotional, intellectual, and physical) and would therefore stop spending my time and energy seeking them. I could stop flitting around the cycle like a moth around a light.”
“Struggle is the price of success, and success is the reward of struggle.”
“Success is not important. It's the lessons you learn during the process that makes all the difference.”
“Success may not have been ‘around the corner,’ but the fact that I persisted until I was is success.”
“Obstacles are commonplace; anyone striving for success will inevitably face them; however, if you remain steadfast, you will ultimately be triumphant.”
“The path to success and failure often look very similar. Success doesn't mean it's the end, and failure doesn't mean it's the end either. What truly matters is having the courage to keep going. It's better to try something original and fail than to succeed by copying others.”
“Those who focus and work hard are already halfway to success.”
“For years, I had chosen to espouse addiction, sex, and success, rather than espousing the one who actually, truly, fully, cared about me. I had to live in lavish indulgence of my sin for years, before I was able to realize that it couldn’t ever fully satisfy.”
“Wipe out all concepts, myths, traditions and theories of destiny from your mind, and forge your destiny yourself.”
“There will be ways from the lowest to the top, so don't ever get discouraged by feeling left behind ”
“As soon as someone drivers their attention from any team to ask, "How am I doing?" he takes his concern and energy from the task and shifts them to the question of his own adequacy or deficiency. The best motivation for doing a job well is the satisfaction of doing it.”
“Patience is not just a virtue, it is the key to unlocking your own potential. Have faith in your journey and trust that everything will unfold as it should.”
“The path to success is often paved with setbacks and challenges. Stay resilient, stay patient, and watch miracles unfold before you.”
“Who shoots at the midday sun, though he be sure he shall never hit the mark, yet as sure he is he shall shoot higher than who aims but at a bush.”
“In order to be successful, you must approach the challenge with a determination to succeed.”
“A heavy weight of guilt drove me in my success. I felt like I needed to make up for all the money, stress, and time I had cost my family. So, I pushed myself, trying harder and harder to be a good person and do well in school. I knew I had done them wrong, but without fail, they had always been there to bail me out and help me get back on my feet again.”
“Greatest motivation is self-motivation.”
“Clarity gives you the courage to pursue your dreams and the power to make them a reality — now is the time to get clear on what you want!”
“It takes courage to break unhealthy habits and replace them with healthier ones — stick to it, and keep moving forward with determination”
“Leadership is an ongoing journey — have courage, stay humble, and always strive to be the best version of yourself”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely!”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation.”
“Small wins lead to a big mindset shift - from 'I can't' to 'I can'. Celebrate them all.”
“Don't wait for opportunities to come knocking on your door. Create your own and make things happen.”
“Leadership is not just about achieving success for yourself, it's about helping others achieve success as well.”
“Make time to reflect on the impact that your habits have on yourself and others— then adjust accordingly when needed!”
“Have the courage to take risks, because if you don't, you'll never know what lies beyond your comfort zone.”
“Your past does not define your future. Learn from your mistakes, let go of what no longer serves you, and create a brighter tomorrow.”
“Keep your vision clear, stay committed to your beliefs, and always lead with integrity. The rest will fall into place.”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority, it's about earning respect.”
“Ambition is the herald of dawn despite the most evident dusk.”
“Path is the defiance of defeat.”
“Consistency, not gurus. Discipline, not motivation. Action, not information, is the key.”
“أنتِ، على سبيل المثال، يا بياتريس، عاطفية للغاية. أما أنا فعملي جدًا. المال هو ما أريده. أريد المال لأن المال يعني النجاح.”
“A long time ago, I stopped sitting at tables where I might be the topic when I get up.”
“There are people who hate you based on untrue thoughts they have about you in their minds.”
“A paradigm shift is a long-lasting change in the way we think about our lives. It's a shift in our perception of reality, a change in our beliefs and assumptions, and a new way of looking at the world around us.”
“A paradigm shift is not a small change. A small change is a minor adjustment in our behaviour or habits, while a paradigm shift is a complete overhaul of our way of thinking and acting.”
“In order to achieve something you’ve never achieved before, you have to become someone you’ve never been before.”
“Some people are not mad at you; they're mad it's you.”
“Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should live their lives, but none about their own.”
“For me, life is too short, or too long, to allow myself the luxury of living it badly.”
“Sometimes when you face hardship you think you've been buried when you've actually been planted. Keep growing.”
“Life's true wonders unfold when we dare to shift our minds and embrace the transformative dance of paradigm change.”
“Live responsibly towards whom you want to be. Active self-responsibility enhances confidence in creating oneself and working towards achieving goals.”
“Success is not a gift of luck, but a reward of diligence.”
“Success belongs to those who dream big and focus on what matters most.”
“Simplify your goals, focus on the top three, demolish the main obstacle, and stay fiercely determined.”
“Don't wait for success to find you; instead, identify the skills and knowledge you need to achieve your dreams. Pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you exceed your wildest expectations.”
“Relentless spirited people do not see failure as a final destination, but an inspiration to keep striving until success is reached.”
“Fear gets feverish, attain such height. Haters go blind, burn so bright. Courage isn't absence of fear, courage is to overcome fear. Birds get jealous, fly to such heights.”
“It doesn’t matter what’s coming at us. God defeated it before it ever left wherever it was coming from.”
“God designed you to stand on your shackles.”
“Success is not a destination, but a journey. You can learn from others’ words, but you have to walk your own path with your own ideas and hard work.”
“Your dream is your decision, Your destiny is your decision.”
“No fall is failure till you accept it as the end.”
“Grander the dream, steeper the climb.”
“To labor is to dream, to dream is to labor. The lazy can’t dream, dreamer savors labor.”
“All crowns come from "once upon a pain".”
“Success and failure are derived not from anything you possess but rather by the things you do. Your successes and failures rest on your actions and your actions alone.”
“There is never the potential for success without a corresponding potential for failure.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“No one appreciates anonymity as much as those who have lost it, and you only get to lose it once.”
“Why do we so desire fame? Because we desire to matter.”
“Wealth and fame may be consequences of success, but they are not success itself. You want to be great? Great. Why?”
“Don’t fear high expectations; embrace them. Choose to do hard things.”
“You may not have the power to do anything or everything you would like, but you do have the power to do something.”
“You never know what opportunities will come your way after a failure or setback; it’s important not to give up and keep moving forward.”
“The destiny is ready but the path and the means to get there is yet to be negotiated, strategized and executed upon.”
“As the questioner you have thee natural advantage of control.”
“If you want to find Success in the voyage of your life, you must find your True North Star.”
“Having a clear vision and a solid plan for your business is essential, but it’s equally important to be flexible and adaptable as circumstances evolve. Surround yourself with people who inspire and support your goals, and stay focused on your long-term vision.”
“The best mentors are in real business, and resources are available to anyone open to seeing, feeling, understanding, and focusing. Entrepreneurship is a powerful vision and is a force for positive change.”
“We’re all on our own journey, so never forget to love yourself enough and make every moment count.”
“Own your power, take action toward your goals, and watch them become a reality.”
“Feeling overwhelmed? Take action. By breaking tasks into manageable steps, you can conquer overwhelm and achieve your goals.”
“Don't underestimate the power of seemingly insignificant wins - they have the potential to shift everything.”
“The path to success is paved with hard work, persistence, and a willingness to take action.”
“Productivity is about focusing on what truly matters and taking inspired action toward your definition of success.”
“Remember to prioritize self-care and rest, as they are essential components of success. By taking time to refuel, you'll be able to perform better and reach your goals faster.”
“Embrace your desires and strive for greatness, but do so with grace and ease. Be kind to yourself, and understand that setbacks are a natural part of any journey.”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“Dream big, act bigger — don't let challenges or failures stop you from realizing your ambitions!”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation!”
“Take responsibility for your actions and strive to become even better every day — this is the key to lasting success!”
“Language becomes an adventure in 'LinguaVerse'.”
“Language is the key that unlocks a world of possibilities, allowing us to communicate, connect, and understand each other on a deeper level.”
“Learning a new language broadens your horizons, revealing diverse cultures, traditions, and perspectives that enrich your life.”
“Languages are bridges that unite people from different backgrounds, fostering tolerance, empathy, and global harmony.”
“Mastering a foreign language opens doors to exciting career opportunities, expanding your professional prospects and enhancing your marketability.”
“Language learning is a journey of self-discovery, as you uncover hidden talents, develop cognitive skills, and boost your confidence.”
“Speaking another language enhances your problem-solving abilities, as it encourages you to think creatively and find alternative solutions.”
“Learning languages strengthens your multitasking skills, as you navigate between different grammar rules, vocabulary, and cultural nuances.”
“Acquiring a new language is an investment in personal growth, as it fosters adaptability, resilience, and an open-minded attitude towards change.”
“Bilingualism stimulates your brain, improving memory retention and overall cognitive function, which can contribute to a healthier mind.”
“Language learning cultivates a sense of curiosity, encouraging a lifelong love for exploration, discovery, and continuous learning.”
“When you learn a language, you gain access to literature, music, films, and art forms that otherwise would remain inaccessible, broadening your cultural appreciation.”
“Being multilingual allows you to connect with people from different walks of life, forming meaningful relationships and nurturing a sense of community.”
“Learning a language teaches you the value of patience, perseverance, and discipline, as you navigate the challenges and celebrate the milestones along the way.”
“Speaking multiple languages equips you with effective communication skills, enabling you to express yourself with clarity, precision, and cultural sensitivity.”
“Language learning is an adventure that never ends, as each new language opens a gateway to further exploration, linguistic diversity, and personal enrichment.”
“Adversity reveals our true strength and resilience. Embrace it as a catalyst for growth.”
“Success is not guaranteed, but neither is failure. Take a chance and see where it leads you.”
“Success is not about being better than others; it's about being the best version of yourself.”
“Embrace uncertainty, for it is the gateway to growth and transformation.”
“Life is a canvas. Paint it with colors that bring you joy.”
“Live your life as if every day is an adventure.”
“The best way to predict your future is to create it with passion and purpose.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become along the way.”
“Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important and capture the good times.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about how you feel about yourself.”
“Adventure awaits those who seek it with an open heart.”
“Success is not an overnight phenomenon; it's the result of consistent effort over time.”
“Failure is not the end; it's a stepping stone towards success.”
“Success is all in your head.”
“The only way to achieve success is to face your failures and learn from them. Competitors are not your foes, but your guides who challenge you to become better.”
“Never underestimate the power of a dream and a solid business plan.”
“A mistake that makes you humble is better than an achievement that makes you arrogant.”
“Live life on your terms, make decisions based on facts and not on opinions, and blaze your own path.”
“Life can feel unpredictable and overwhelming, but staying mindful can put you in the driver's seat.”
“Successful people don't let fear paralyze them. They feel it, acknowledge it, and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.”
“Change your perspective on influence – it is a tool that can be used to build meaningful relationships, move conversations in new directions, and bring out the best in people.”
“Success begins with action – turn your thoughts into reality and make your dreams come true by putting plans into motion!”
“Invest in yourself and make progress – use small steps to move towards bigger goals.”
“Action-oriented thinking leads to lasting change - set yourself up for success by committing to executing your plans with purpose.”
“The power of influence lies within each person, allowing them to build something beautiful and impactful when harnessed correctly.”
“Confidence isn't a destination — it's a journey, and you have the power to decide which path to take.”
“Being a high performer is like being an elite race car, speeding past the competition with ease. But even the best cars need to make pit stops to recharge and refuel. Take the time to rest, re-energize, and focus on self-care, for it's these moments of rejuvenation that will give you the strength to cross the finish line and win the race.”
“Taking care of your mental health empowers you to take on any challenge that comes your way - no matter how unexpected.”
“It only takes one step towards a dream for possibilities to open up — stay focused on that goal no matter what gets in your way!”
“Find your flow, trust in yourself, and let your passion guide you towards the life you've always dreamed of.”
“The struggle is the canvas upon which our character is painted.”
“Just as a butterfly emerges from its cocoon, your struggles can lead to beautiful transformation.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for resilience, growth, and personal evolution.”
“Struggle is the fire that tempers the steel of our determination.”
“Every struggle carries within it the seeds of wisdom and strength.”
“The struggle shapes us, but it does not define us. We define ourselves through how we overcome.”
“Remember, the darkest nights produce the brightest stars. Embrace your struggle and let your light shine.”
“Embrace failure as a stepping stone towards growth and wisdom. It's a necessary part of the journey.”
“Success is not about how fast you reach your goals; it's about how much you enjoy the ride.”
“Life is meant to be an adventure. Seek experiences that ignite your soul.failure, inspiration, life, motivation, pep-talk-radio, struggle, success, passion, adventure”
“Don't be afraid to go against the grain. It's in the unconventional that greatness often lies.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become in the process.”
“Life is too short to be lived in the confines of your comfort zone. Break free and explore.”
“Don't let fear of failure hold you back. Embrace it as a stepping stone towards success.”
“Every day is an opportunity for new adventures. Seize them with open arms.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about the satisfaction that comes from knowing you gave it your all.”
“Life is an ongoing journey of self-discovery. Embrace the lessons and keep evolving.”
“Embrace the unknown, for it is where true growth and transformation happen.”
“Success is not about achieving perfection; it's about making progress and learning from failures.”
“Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it by playing small. Aim for greatness.”
“The greatest failure in life is not trying at all. Dare to chase your dreams.”
“Adventure is calling, and it's time to answer with courage and enthusiasm.”
“Success is not about luck; it's about perseverance and relentless determination.”
“Life is too short to live in fear. Take risks, embrace change, and live fully.”
“Dream big, work hard, and stay humble. Success will follow.”
“Find joy in the simplest of things, for happiness lies in appreciating life's small wonders.”
“Be curious, be adventurous, and never stop exploring the world around you.”
“Surround yourself with positive influences and watch your life transform.”
“Success is not about reaching the top; it's about lifting others up along the way.”
“Life is too precious to be spent dwelling on the past. Live in the present and create a brighter future.”
“Let your dream becomes ideas and ideas become solutions.”
“Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.”
“Dreams are born to disrupt slumber.”
“If you're happy, have found love, are surrounded by good people, doing what you like, and giving back to others, that's success . Selling your soul for a buck is not work the real price you pay. . .”
“Be optimistic! You can be the dream.”
“Growth Mindset don't give up. It keeps us optimistic and effective.”
“Work your plan, don't publicize it - your work will stir up noise, you don't need to.”
“Heart, brain and backbone, if you have these three, you have everything to succeed.”
“Identify your top three goals and demolish the number one obstacle. Stay laser-focused and fiercely determined on your objective, and success will be yours for the taking.”
“Whether you want to double down on previous successes, address significant challenges, or embark on new endeavors, identify your top three goals.”
“Don’t wait for success to find you. Identify the skills and knowledge you need, pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you surpass your wildest dreams.”
“Don’t let unfinished business weigh you down. Finish what you started and unlock the door to limitless possibilities.”
“Reflect on the impact you make each day. Ask yourself, if someone replaced you today, what would they bring? Strive for excellence, build your skills, and own your success.”
“Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.”
“Transform your life, one habit at a time. Develop daily practices that align with your goals, stay consistent, and become unstoppable.”
“Obstacles are opportunities in disguise. Stay motivated, stay productive, and hold yourself accountable for your success. With every challenge, you grow stronger and closer to your goals.”
“When it feels like you're losing friends, remember that successful individuals have only a few trusted companions. They often encounter hostility. That's why a Lamborghini has two seats while a bus has thirty. Train your mind to stay positive.”
“In the depths of struggle, we discover the true strength that resides within us.”
“The struggle you face today is the strength you will carry tomorrow.”
“Challenges are not roadblocks; they are stepping stones on the path to greatness.”
“Struggle breeds resilience, and resilience paves the way for triumph.”
“A diamond shines brightest after enduring immense pressure.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for growth and self-discovery.”
“The struggle is not a sign of weakness but a testament to your determination.”
“Embrace the struggle, for it molds you into the person you are meant to be.”
“When faced with adversity, remember that stars shine brightest in the darkest skies.”
“The struggle may be tough, but so are you. Keep pushing forward.”
“The struggle is the catalyst for change and the birthplace of innovation.”
“Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on, but you keep going anyway.”
“Greatness is not achieved without conquering the battles that come your way.”
“Individual Desirability / Aggregate Desirability = Your Desirability Ratio The higher a relationship’s Desirability Ratio, the more stable a relationship will be. If a relationship’s Desirability Ratio drops below one for either partner, the relationship becomes very likely to dissolve. To put that in other words: When your partner is much more desirable to you than their “league” would suggest, and when this dynamic is mutual (i.e., each partner values the other more than society on average values that other partner), your relationship will be uniquely stable. However, if either partner values the other less than that person would be valued on an open market, the relationship becomes unstable.”
“Success is sweet but to achieve success, it takes strong work ethics, continuous improvement, discipline and determination.”
“Figuring out your motivators, values that move and guide you and what inspires you leads you to what you want to be.”
“The truth is, you can’t sustainably force life. You must let what is meant to be, unfold. You must do what feels good and makes you come alive, that’s how you thrive.”
“You may think your achievements, Are the crown of your life. But it's your failures, That make you shine bright.”
“Επιτυχία είναι να έχεις αυτό που θέλεις. Ευτυχία όμως είναι να θέλεις αυτό που έχεις. Οι περισσότεροι στην ευτυχία την πατάμε. ~ Το Δώρο, Στέφανος Ξενάκης”
“Being a leader is not easy. It's a delicate balance between humility and self-confidence. It takes immense courage to lead others but also requires an honest awareness of our own limitations.”
“It's easy to sit on the sidelines and analyze different strategies, but true growth comes from taking action.”
“Courage is the key that unlocks the door to new possibilities.”
“Indecision breeds doubt, but decisive action fuels confidence.”
“Focus on what really matters and watch as the fog clears. Opportunities will appear where you least expect them.”
“Embrace the unknown, take bold steps forward, and discover the limitless potential that lies within you.”
“My enemy, prosper in the world! You will fall to world fame and success more surely than if I set traps for you.”
“Don't take constructive criticism from people who haven't constructed anything.”
“The general theme of those who live and create from within their Comfort Zone is: Life is intelligently designed, and everything is always working out for my highest good. All I need to do to be successful is to be myself and follow my own internal guidance. If I can dream it and claim it, I can receive it.”
“When you operate from your Comfort Zone, you listen to your own inner guidance rather than to the suggestions of others. You trust yourself.”
“I believe the secret to my success has been my commitment to consistently aligning with my Comfort Zone and expanding it.”
“Boost your productivity by focusing on the tasks that truly matter, working with intentionality and purpose, and continuously seeking new ways to optimize your workflow.”
“Streamlining decision-making is not about sacrificing quality for speed, but rather finding a balance between thoughtful analysis and timely action to drive progress and success.”
“Aligning your goals with your lifestyle is the foundation for living a life that feels both intentional and fulfilling.”
“My favorite thing to do is to make things come into existence. whether it's a book, an idea, or an invention”
“Being happy and being comfortable doesn't teach you anything. But suffering, pain, struggle makes you wiser and nobler. Be grateful even for your bad times. This will be the reason for your success.”
“The key to unlock the door of success is hidden deep in your thoughts. Accept each failure as a stepping stone, because it paves the way towards improvement. Only by trying again and again, you can be able to use the right key to open the door of opportunity.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do, Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb. Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer, Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“The journey of entrepreneurship is not a sprint, it's a marathon. Success comes to those who can maintain their focus and determination over the long haul.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“If my family is the price of my success, then I am grateful to have had so little of it.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.”
“You’ve been sacrificing your life for your entire life, and you will continue to do so until you have no more life left to sacrifice. Your only choice is what you sacrifice it to.”
“Our very definition and understanding of the Comfort Zone is false—or at the very least, incomplete. True, lasting success is not attained outside our Comfort Zone, but rather inside it.”
“The Comfort Zone is not a static place. In fact, if we allow it, our Comfort Zone will continually grow and expand. It is always becoming more.”
“The more you fight against and feel shame for spending time in your Comfort Zone, the more you are in danger of compromising trust with yourself.”
“Your inner wisdom is your friend, and it lives inside the calm security of your Comfort Zone.”
“Nebraska made it almost impossible for critics to miss Springsteen's willingness to take a chance in the name of his art. If Springsteen was driven simply by fame and mainstream success, there would have been no good reason to make or release a Nebraska. The album made it impossible to use the word "sellout.”
“Activate your success chakras within the fabric of 114 chakras. Cultivate your success experiences, get in sync with the cosmos, and join the dance of infinite possibilities.”
“Analyze like a scientist, plot like a politician, execute like a soldier.”
“Diş ağrısı çekenler dişleri sağlam olanları; yoksulluk çekenler de parası çok olanları mutlu sanırlar.”
“Our desire to feel right overpowers our desire to be right.”
“People need to make simple things complicated for their egos.”
“You shit on my dreams and fertilize my faith in them.”
“Setting boundaries is not about building walls but creating space for growth.”
“When you're ready to start taking ownership of your future, amazing things can happen.”
“Focus on yourself first before trying to please others - success starts from within!”
“Don't underestimate the power of positive vibes & positive affirmations! They help sustain success & motivation.”
“Find ways to reduce stress as much as possible so that you can stay in the flow.”
“Success isn't about sacrificing your values, but aligning your actions with what you believe in. When you stay true to yourself, success comes naturally.”
“Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself and working hard.”
“Don't just live the day, own it! Take charge of your time and make every moment count.”
“Success is not dependent on luck - it starts with personal leadership and the power of intention.”
“Being busy is easy, but being productive takes intention.”
“Don't confuse busyness with productivity. One leaves you exhausted, the other fulfilled.”
“Achieving goals doesn't have to be hard - be gentle with yourself, focus on progress, not perfection, and keep the faith.”
“The secret to success? Replace stress with ease, take consistent action toward your goal, and enjoy the ride!”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority; it's about earning respect.”
“Busy bees make honey, but productive bees make a hive. Don't just buzz around; create something that lasts.”
“Be so good they can't ignore you”
“There’s a difference between achieving success and being a success.”
“What I learned was that in order to achive great success in life, you must become a special kind of person. To rise above the majority, you must develop qualities and disciplines that the average person lacks.”
“People develop at different paces at different life stages. Many of us are late bloomers. Bill Gates? Steve Jobs? Ray Kroc? Sim Wong Hoo? These are famous personalities who have made it big in life despite not having a university degree. They made many mistakes but they did not give up. They worked hard. They persevered. Each and every one of us are born with unique strengths and talents. When someone is not good in academic studies, it does not mean that he is also not good in other areas. And so, in my opinion, academic grades are just one way of measuring a person's ability or knowledgeability.”
“Time. The one important thing that I believe is more powerful than even God.”
“The biggest lesson of my life – self-respect comes from respecting others; it is a two-way street.”
“Failure is our greatest teacher”
“My strength is my ability to think differently”
“The greatest power, even in today’s world, comes from the human mind”
“When we test our own limits, we can know our potential”
“Don't forget who you are and what you stand for - you are the boss of your life, and no one can cross your boundaries unless you let them.”
“It's easy to get fooled by the noise - don't let it distract you from your truth and what's right for YOU.”
“Listen to your gut, trust your instincts, and be brave - the universe has something special in store for you!”
“Your words carry strength, your ideas have value, and your presence has an impact. Don’t be afraid to speak up and share who you are with the world.”
“Life is too short to be defined by others' opinions of you. It's time to put your happiness first and show the world that YOU are enough.”
“Having a clear vision leads to greater self-awareness — use it as a guide to empower yourself and pave the way for success!”
“Don't let the thing you fear most control your life! Remember, your fear of it is only an illusion - if you choose to confront it, you can break free from its power.”
“Own your flaws, and don't let anyone else make you feel inferior. Recognize your awesomeness and set a powerful example for those around you!”
“High achievers need to realize that no matter how much you prepare, setbacks are inevitable - but it's only by learning from these failures that we can achieve true success.”
“You're capable of pushing boundaries, taking risks, and looking beyond external validation. Dare to step into uncharted waters and be brave enough to realize the extraordinary potential within you!”
“Time keeps ticking, but chances of success don’t have to pass you by. Take a leap of courage and put your best foot forward - because it is undeniably harder to fail than to never have tried.”
“Clarity is not just a state of mind, it's a force of nature that drives you towards your goals with unwavering focus and purpose. Embrace it, harness it, and let it propel you to your next level.”
“Inspiration is direction - find clarity, take action, and move forward fearlessly.”
“Success requires a perfect blend of mindset and strategy.”
“Leadership is not the absence of doubt but the courage to take risks and embrace ambiguity.”
“Embrace failure and use it as a chance to become even more courageous and powerful!”
“Growth comes from pushing yourself and taking risks - stand firm in your resolve, and accept the journey with grace.”
“Every journey begins with a single step – stop waiting and start taking action TODAY.”
“Success comes when you pair dreaming with doing – don't get lost in thought without putting in the work to make your dreams a reality.”
“The power is yours if you seize it – make sure each move you take moves you closer to your goals.”
“No matter how complicated life may seem, clarity will help you find the path forward — it starts with trusting yourself!”
“Dreams require discipline, dedication, and effort to become reality – embrace the challenge of execution and unlock potential like never before!”
“Set intentions and act on them – be deliberate and persistent in order to accomplish your goals!”
“We invite success into our lives. Failure comes without invitation.”
“Why the hell does everybody want to succeed? I'd like to meet somebody who wanted to fail. That's the only sublime thing.”
“And don't forget this, if a man's a success in New York, he's a success!”
“Oh I know darling, it's nothing but money in New York.”
“There are lives to be lived if only you didn't care. Care for what, for what; the opinion of mankind, money, success, hotel lobbies, health, umbrellas, Uneeda biscuits . . .?”
“Facing risks and pushing boundaries is the key to unlocking potential - don't be afraid to take a calculated leap.”
“What lies beyond fear is freedom - have the courage to step forward and unlock your potential.”
“Lead with courage, own your decisions, and embrace accountability - the true hallmark of a fearless leader.”
“Your goals are within reach – take control of your destiny and manifest greatness through action-driven progress.”
“Execution is the bridge between intention and result – it moves you from merely having ideas to making them a reality.”
“Make progress every day, no matter how small it may be – execution builds momentum that can help you reach new heights!”
“Focus on small wins to reach big achievements – use momentum generated by execution as the fuel for success!”
“Lines of hands don't make destiny, labor of hands does.”
“Dreams come true not because you are rich in money, but because you are rich in persistence.”
“You are granted opportunity, through no effort of your own and that you therefore do not deserve, that has been granted to only a tiny fraction of those who have ever lived.”
“I think we all want instant success and seek the quick solution for our problems, be they related to our health, a relationship, or our financial situation. But goals like optimal fitness or financial freedom aren't met overnight.”
“Though your beginning is small, your latter days will be very great.”
“It is okay to not know everything. It is okay to be wrong. We learn, grow, and develop from our mistakes. They become building blocks for success defined by character, humility, honesty, perseverance, integrity, hope, and most of all faith.”
“Those who love you, will love you despite your occasional cockups. Those who hate you, will hate you despite your evident triumphs.”
“Abhijit The Useless (A Sonnet) At school I didn't even know the term neuroscience, Yet today I'm a symbol of neuroscience and psychology. As a kid I never even dreamed of becoming a scientist, I just wanted to observe the underpinnings of reality. After high school I failed my medical entrance exam, Yet to the world I am a vessel of ethics in medicine. I chose CS Engineering instead but soon dropped out, Yet today I am the epitome of responsible engineering. Failure and success are eternally entangled, Masses fear them while legends feast on failure. I never felt the urge for academic validation, Yet today I'm regularly cited in Springer. I never studied science in the pursuit of grades, I accidentally became a scientist by doing science. Grades and degrees are shortcut to social validation, But when you are a pioneer pushing the frontiers, all mortal validation turns null and void.”
“Love strengthens soul connection and is the key to the success of all meaningful relationships”
“There is a thin line between poverty and success and it is PERSEVERANCE. Successful people don't stop until they see the result they desire.”
“Life is less about basking in your achievements, it is more about being at peace with your countless failures.”
“Embrace feedback, learn from experiences, and evolve. Our journey to success is a continuous one!”
“Small wins lead to big victories! Let's celebrate each milestone on our journey to success.”
“Failure ensues from wrong judgement calls”
“Leading with vulnerability is tough, but it’s essential to establishing a strong team dynamic.”
“Remember, what others say or do is a reflection of their own internal experience, not yours. Their opinion doesn't have to be your truth.”
“Remember, it's not always about big changes but instead small steps done with confidence and consistency that will get you to where you want to go.”
“Focus sharpens the mind, paving the way to success.”
“Don't worry about drastic changes because it's the small habits you do consistently that will have a lasting impact on your life!”
“Don't let the clouds of failure overshadow you, and ruin your life. There is a seed of success inside of you. Let it grow. Keep it alive.”
“I do not say that I shall succeed but I shall try to succeed—the effort alone will do me good—I fear nothing so much as idleness—lack of employment—inertia—lethargy of the faculties—when the body is idle, the spirit suffers cruelly.”
“By letting go of the past, focusing on the present, and creating a brighter future, we can live a life full of happiness, fulfillment, and success.”
“Stop waiting for permission to be great. Own your power, and unleash your full potential. You are the BOSS of your life, and it's time to start making executive decisions.”
“Stop settling and dare to be exceptional. Own your individuality and level up your standards because your unique identity deserves nothing less than greatness.”
“Self discipline is one of the most important and useful skills you can have. Discipline is the number one trait needed to create a happy mood, and healthy and meaningful life.”
“Some people celebrate birthdays and expect to be told, Happy Birthday to mark another year of getting older while others celebrate achievements and receive congratulations to mark another milestone. We are different, but happy birthday to you.”
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it's the courage to continue that count.”
“The success that does not humble you makes you a failure.”
“Leadership is about unlocking the potential of those around you, so they can shine and achieve greatness in their own unique way.”
“Success doesn't come to those who simply dream and hope for it. It comes to those who take bold and intentional action toward their goals. It's not enough to aspire for greatness, you must work towards it every single day.”
“As long as you remain consistent in taking small steps forward each day, it won't be long before you're powering through projects with greater success than ever before!”
“Success isn't a distant dream; it's waiting for you at the finish line of every action you take.”
“Sustainable success isn't a one-time achievement, it's a lifelong journey of intentional action and growth towards a fulfilling life.”
“Life is like a roller coaster, filled with its ups and downs, but at the end of the day it's up to you to find the courage and determination to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Life doesn't always have to be about trying something new, pushing ourselves to the limit or achieving our next goal. Sometimes it's important to stop and celebrate the successes you have gained along the way.”
“Don't let anyone drag you down with their words! You have the power and confidence within yourself to rise above any negativity, and you deserve to be seen for who and what you truly are.”
“Accepting yourself and believing in yourself is one of the most important habits when it comes to success! Embrace your uniqueness, and never forget how capable, strong, and powerful you are.”
“Let's face it - the only way to truly make a lasting impact is by embracing change and standing out from the crowd.”
“Change the way you view things and you'll be presented with new opportunities to create the life you've always dreamed!”
“Don't be fooled by the noise, don't let the crowd define who you are. Strength comes from within – knowing you can navigate through life's uncertainties and standing strong even when it feels like everything is against you.”
“The only way to crush fear is by confronting it and taking action - so don't hesitate - grab life with both hands and make it happen!”
“Don't let the hustle and grind of life cloud your judgment - take the time to understand what works best for YOU and craft a plan that aligns with your goals.”
“Setting boundaries does more than just make you feel empowered, it sends out a message to the universe that you know your worth and won't settle for anything less than respect.”
“Don't be afraid of taking risks or stepping out of your zone of comfort, because that is often when amazing things happen.”
“Instead of seeing failure as shameful, view it as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and determination.”
“When you reframe rejection in a positive way, you take away the fear associated with it and remind yourself how strong you are.”
“Confront your fears head-on and watch as they become stepping stones toward your goals.”
“Fail often to succeed sooner - accept the possibility of failure, and use it as fuel to reach your goal.”
“You have the power to make your own journey - be kind to yourself, and embrace the risks you take.”
“Shugyo is the way The goal: better, not perfect Practice and have fun [According to the author, noted earlier in this magnificent picture book, "shygyo" means "training like crazy."]”
“Ask yourself this question in the morning when you wake: in a world of possibilities, today, what will you make?”
“It's hard to build momentum if you're dividing your attention.”
“Desire is the catalyst that ignites our potential and fuels our growth.”
“How can you succeed without your without efforts?.”
“If you fail, it’s fine. Sow another idea or refine the same one; irrigate it with perseverance and cultivate it with the manure of faith. The harvest would be the fruit of success.”
“The most important ingredient for the recipe of success is patience, with a little bit of perseverance sprinkled to taste.”
“The ladder of success is made from nails of patience.”
“Success is like an umbrella. It has wires of faith holding it together. It has no meaning if there is no rain.”
“Every standardized institution, by definition and design, is focused on efficiency above all else, and generic motives and universal motives are efficient ways of moving the needle—on average, at least. But they’re horrible for your own fulfillment. Not only do standardized views of motivation ignore everything that is important about who you are, but by incessantly focusing all of our attention on a small set of institutionally ordained motives, the Standardization Covenant constrains our thinking about what a personal motive can even be. Fortunately, dark horses reveal the hidden truth about motivation.   The lives of dark horses demonstrate the remarkable specificity of micro-motives.”
“Pursue validation, they'll keep rejecting. Pursue excellence, validation comes chasing.”
“It is much easier to handle trials, hardship, and adversity than success, blessings, and breakthroughs in life.”
“The true character of a man is not measured by how he handles adversity but by the success”
“A self-made struggling person is a lot better than the one living a fake life successfully.”
“But I ask of you is it wrong To celebrate man's achievements? Whether it be the king or the monk Triumph would never glance at his predicament”
“Salvation is as necessary as success.”
“To be a long-term friend – We must forgive the minor faults of others.” “দীর্ঘমেয়াদী বন্ধু হওয়ার জন্য- আমাদের অন্যের ছোটখাটো দোষ ক্ষমা করা উচিত।”
“Success is about reviewing failures and seeing them as a precaution – not the end.” “সাফল্য হ’ল ব্যর্থতাগুলি পুনর্বিবেচনা করা এবং এগুলিকে সতর্কতা হিসাবে দেখা- শেষ নয় ।”
“Success is survival.”
“Success is the last thing you should be afraid of. When you hit the top of one mountain, it makes it easier to see the peaks of the mountains you never knew existed before.”
“Excellence is not about being perfect. It's about giving your best, learning from your mistakes, and helping others do the same.”
“Simplify to amplify. Streamlining your systems is like decluttering your mind; it frees up mental real estate, enhances focus, and unleashes your full potential. So, ditch the complexity, embrace simplicity, and watch your performance skyrocket.”
“Small habits, big results. Prioritizing daily routines that align with your goals is like laying a foundation for success. It creates a ripple effect that boosts your productivity, sharpens your decision-making, and makes the impossible feel possible.”
“Your well-being is not a luxury; it's a necessity for success. Investing in yourself is the best investment you can make.”
“Your life is your kingdom, and you're the ruler. Don't let anyone else take the throne.”
“Your life, your rules. Don't let anyone else write your story. Be the boss of your own life and set your boundaries high.”
“Unleash your inner fire, ignite your passion, and blaze a trail that leaves a mark on the world. You hold the power to create your legacy, so rise up, own your strength, and burn bright.”
“Don't let the day run you. Run the day like a well-oiled machine and make every second count.”
“Embrace your quirks, own your flaws, and flaunt your fabulousness. Being true to yourself is not just a trend; it's a lifestyle.”
“Greatness is not a gift, it's a choice. It's not a talent, it's a habit. And habits can be built through consistency, dedication, and unwavering commitment.”
“Though our loved ones may push us towards success, it is often our enemies who drive us to secure the final nail in the coffin of our accomplishments.”
“Success and winning is often about victories won in the hidden recesses of the heart.”
“Be careful, especially if you are a good liar. You will lie to everyone .Lie about everything . You will end up lying to yourself. Don't get too comfortable in telling a lie.”
“Whatever you want, you must be willing to pay the price.”
“Remember other people are just as important in the universe as you are. Their desires are as important as yours. Their viewpoint is as important as yours.”
“My greatest education has come from my mistakes. Life and success are trial and error. Life is more fun, and much easier, when you admit mistakes and learn from them.”
“The single most important way to achieve the outcomes you desire is  deeply connecting with people! We can accomplish very little alone, but we can accomplish dreams together.”
“You always have less time than you think.”
“Success is dispensability”
“Success is not a destination, but a journey. It's not measured by the amount of wealth or recognition you accumulate, but by the obstacles you overcome and the lessons you learn. To be successful, embrace failure as an opportunity to grow, stay focused on your goals, and never give up on your dreams.”
“Believe in yourself, work hard, stay focused, and never give up. Success will come.”
“Failure is the fulcrum of success.”
“Nothing else matters, everything else can wait.”
“Patience and focus on the goal are the ways of success.”
“Everyone's idea of success is unique. Of course, everyone wants to be great, but not everyone succeeds in doing so. Each of us must decide what achievement means to us.”
“But, to tell you my private mind, Signor Giovanni, he should receive little credit for such instances of success - they being probably the work of chance - but should be held strictly accountable for his failures, which may justly be considered his own work.”
“A key to success, a step towards your dreams, follow the map to a future that gleams.”
“Hope can be dangerous because it means exposing yourself to the possibility of success, to allow yourself to imagine a happy ending, only to be confronted by cold, brutal disappointment.”
“Working hard is often the difference between success and failure, but is also a rewarding pursuit in itself.”
“Success is essentially an exception, and Successful people are often loners.”
“If your aim is to succeed in life, you can't carry everyone along with you. It is very important to know who to keep and who to discard, because the wrong choice of people can ruin your life.”
“Theoretical knowledge is not the exclusive domain of ivory tower intellectuals, but is, in fact, a crucial necessity of man's proper survival. Every bit of your mental contents is derived from some theory, and your success and happiness hinge on whether it is true or false, good or evil.”
“We are, What We are WITH. ”
“Perception is not a permanent state, it's an instance in a running loop.”
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, but it is the destination that gives it purpose.”
“Blooming late in life gives you the gift of being able to sustain your blessings, success, and foundation.”
“Money can't solve the real problem because the real problem is the belief that money will solve any problem.”
“There are no winners in life, just be the best loser.”
“Don't get stuck on little things until you get to your destination”
“SOMETIMES THERE ARE INJURIES ON THE RIGHT PATH, BUT THE PATH AND PURPOSE SHOULD BE RIGHT.”
“Setting boundaries isn't about keeping people out, it's about protecting the energy you allow in.”
“I am making it in life because God said so.”
“Very few people try to know themselver. And those who have been able to know themselves even a little. That peoples great. The whole world knows him.”
“People can wish you every success on the planet and then hate you after you have achieved it.”
“Don’t be afraid to make mistakes – just learn from them & move forward stronger than before!”
“Life is too short to stay in your comfort zone. Believe in yourself and be courageous. Take risks!”
“Burnout prevention starts with YOU. Invest in your happiness & well-being for a better tomorrow.”
“Indecision can be a slippery slope. Take care with each step and move forward confidently.”
“When faced with tough choices, don’t forget that you have the power to decide for yourself.”
“Fear makes us think we need more information before deciding, but often we just need courage!”
“Success is not a momentary event; it's an ever-evolving journey. #HighPerformanceCoaching”
“Make sustainable changes today to set yourself up for a successful tomorrow. #OwnYourShift”
“Start small, think big: Believe in yourself enough to own your shifts.”
“Swap out burnout for inner balance by embracing daily rituals that support sustainable success with ease.”
“Leaders who listen twice as much as they talk are the most successful.”
“The most important heritage I received from my father is my jealousy for my country and my sincere love for my king. We can only succeed as Moroccans if we learn to be proud of our identity and to be responsible for the development of our country.”
“The best thing you can do is delay gratification.”
“Physical dealers for automobile are overrated. If test drive is less desired by consumers in the 21st century, you no longer need physical dealerships.”
“It is not difficult to be successful when you have an audience, people applauding you, and people who support you! But the important thing is to keep going and succeed when there is no audience, no supporters, no people applauding you!”
“Time management is all about making smart choices. So forget the hustle and grind, and take control of your choices - it's the key to success!”
“Time management is about making choices: what do you prioritize and why? Being aware of your finite time and consciously deciding how to spend it will give you control, clarity, and peace of mind.”
“It's true that life is short and time is fleeting, but if you can stop to appreciate how precious it is, you'll find that time is the most precious measure of true wealth!”
“Discipline may be a tricky but at the end of the day, it's believing that you can achieve your goals and dreams that will get you closer to them.”
“The more important a call to action is to our purpose, the more we may be tempted to resist it - and yet it may just be what opens up new doors and opportunities for us.”
“Celebrate the process! Let's face it - reaching our goals can be hard, and if we don't recognize and appreciate each small step along the way, we might not make it through. So instead of becoming overwhelmed by the big goal ahead, let's focus on each moment and celebrate every tiny success that brings us closer to where we want to be.”
“Don't let fear or doubt stop you from trusting the process! Commit to your goals and trust that everything will turn out just fine.”
“Life is a journey, and it’s full of twists and turns - some amazing, some challenging. But no matter how tough the roads or uncomfortable the accommodations, there’s still something to learn from it all.”
“Today is full of potential; all it takes to make the most of it is a little effort. Don't worry about tomorrow until today's work is done!”
“Life is too short to be miserable! Choose happiness - it might seem hard at first but I promise it's worth it. Let go of the negativity and open up to a world of possibilities.”
“There is a price to pay for what you wish to possess.”
“Maybe you are and maybe you aren't. A lot of perfectionists think they're driven by success when what they're really driven by is the avoidance of failure-two very different animals.”
“Steer your wheel right and the ship shall assail across the ocean to the pearl you search…”
“If we make mistakes there is no problem, but if we do not learn from mistakes then it is big mistake.”
“Knowledge is another form of God.”
“Knowledge is another form of God. If someone loves both. So he will get the answers to every question.”
“Success doesn't mean victory. If someone is successful, it is proof that he has struggled a lot, and worked very hard.”
“When we tried to open the lock, we saw that is already open. And the problem we are trying to solve. It may be that there is no problem at all.”
“Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.”
“When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.”
“If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.”
“When they say I will never be successful, I say the creator decides if I will be successful or not.”
“YOU are in charge of how you experience life. You get to decide! Choose wisely, but most importantly, choose YOU!”
“Every challenge is an opportunity, so open yourself up and get ready to move!”
“Life is the dance between your wildest dreams and deepest fears - so take a chance! Don't let fear hold you back.”
“Don't let circumstances dictate how your life looks - act like the architect and design the lie that reflects your values and purpose.”
“If you want to make a change in your life and create something meaningful, you need to shift your mindset from "shoulds" to "musts".”
“Born to make it”
“Don't work for slavery life, work for success.”
“Struggle, Patience, and Persistence are the Steps to Success.”
“Have faith in your abilities and in the power that lies within you. Recognize that you possess the strength to overcome any obstacle that comes your way.”
“Struggle, success, and setbacks are the stepping stones to greatness, each one fueling the determination to keep reaching higher toward victory.”
“Leaders are forward-thinking, confident individuals who identify what needs to be done, put in the hard work, and actively seek solutions instead of pointing fingers.”
“What the world doesn't tell you—because it doesn't know—is that you cannot become successful. You can only be successful. Don't let a mad world tell you that success is anything other than a successful present moment.”
“Your Journey to the top gets easier. You only start feeling better as you pursue”
“Automobile will move online no different than travel, jobs, mobile, electronic, and fashion categories.”
“Materialistic success is a lonely place.”
“The most successful people are not the ones who have all the answers, but the ones who are willing to ask the right questions and seek out solutions.”
“Don't be someone who only admires others. Be someone who is admired by others.”
“Know who's at the table. You act! I write!”
“Eyes on ambition, feet on the ground. Hands on heart, and mind unbound.”
“The success of any opportunity is a function of the strength of the person executing it. ”
“We spend 80% of our efforts perfecting 20% of our work. Perfection boosts your ego, not your happiness. ”
“Almost nothing can be perfected in the first instance — focus on evolution. ”
“Evolution converts today’s perfections into obsolescence tomorrow. ”
“Perfectionism demands slowing down from the evolution pace”
“Planning and teamwork can bring you closer to perfection than working in isolation”
“If perfection slows you down, you are more likely to detour from the evolution path. ”
“In the evolution journey, the past has no future”
“The past has no future, but every future has its past”
“Every opportunity has a different intensity of risks and benefits for different people. Choose the opportunities that fit best in your risk-benefit matrix. ”
“You can't grab every opportunity. Understanding which opportunity to grab and which one to pass is risk management.”
“Accepting a wrong opportunity is as risky as refusing a good opportunity. The risk-benefit matrix is a human software that needs to be active all the time, always adjusting to its changing environment.”
“Do you talk to yourself?  It is during self conversations that we craft our attitude, make decisions and even conclude the results of our races before we even run them.”
“The law of attraction works because the driving force of our destiny is right inside us in the form of our subconscious mind. We achieve what we manifest. ”
“How mindful are we about self-conversations?”
“Every time we walk, we displace one foot. If a simple act like walking requires displacement, how can we imagine evolving and not getting displaced from our present state? ”
“What breathing is to life, change is to evolution.”
“What did you talk to yourself about today?”
“Change can be illusionary. Evolution is reality.”
“Where is his room?' she whispered. 'Up there, I think' replied April. Let's follow the toys.”
“Where is the recipe? I ask. Abuela laughs. It is in my heart, Rosie. I use mis ojos, my eyes, to measure. Mis manos, my hands, to feel. Mi boca, my mouth, to taste.”
“If you dare to make a momentous change to your life, love everyone and let go of all expectations. Lavish self-nurturing all over yourself each day. Fill yourself with the love and affection of nature. Feel sovereign and successful just as you are and watch how the Universe honors you wholly.”
“Nah,’ I shake my head. ‘The thing about success – what little I’ve had, anyway – is it doesn’t change how the people who knew you before see you now. They still think of you as the gullible person they went to school with. They still treat you the same. Success   it only impresses the people you meet after you’ve accomplished something.”
“No loss should ever be viewed as a failure.”
“Procrastinators are addicted to immediacy. If it doesn’t have to be done now, they’ll do it later. No one is more productive than a procrastinator with an impending deadline.”
“You only see the light of the sun, not its combustion agony.”
“Being at the top of the world also meant being alone. But it was a welcomed loneliness, a happy solitude.”
“The desire to be wealthy is a good one. It allows you to be useful to those close to you and your community. To be of service should be the intent of your desire to acquire material wealth.”
“No one can make you become successful until you commit to choosing the successful path, set goals and accomplish them (while turning obstacles into stepping stones on your journey to success). Always remember that your choices will manifest your reality and results.”
“Do not fear failure. Dare to fail in order to find ways to succeed.”
“Mindset plus skillset creates the master.”
“One of the best ways to ensure your habits remain satisfying over the long-run is to pick behaviors that align with your personality and skills. Work hard on the things that come easy.”
“Knowing who we really are means to know the big picture, and to act accordingly.”
“Ideas are birthed everyday, many die on the road Inspirations come and go.. But only actions can bring forth results and re-actions!”
“Trust in your own unique path and have the courage to follow it; faith will be by your side every step of the way.”
“No matter where you come from, but you can make your own path where you want to go to.”
“Many of the advances that we make in the battles that we’re fighting today will be evidenced in the battles that we won’t have to fight tomorrow.”
“Bad beliefs lead to bad thoughts; bad thoughts lead to bad actions; bad actions lead to bad results; bad results lead to bad feelings.”
“If you've already decided you can't, then you probably won't. Change your mind, change your life.”
“You gotta know when to cut your losses, and how to turn them into lessons. Once a lesson is well-received, your loss becomes tuition and your liability becomes an asset.”
“Always determine to rise from defeat, for every victory ever achieved was preceded by a host of defeats that laid the groundwork for those victories.”
“Leaders are motivated either by the fear of failure or a strong desire to succeed. The former pushes them while the latter pulls them to their destiny. Life is better driven by strong desire than fear.”
“Arrogance reflects in our work when we irrationally start believing in our decision. ”
“We fear change, thus we almost fear everything because everything around us is changing. ”
“If change is fear, does it mean we will be less fearful when we change alongside the change? ”
“Perfection is good as long as we perfect the right things. ”
“Personal Integrity is a trait that so many people overlook and undervalue, but it's one of the most important qualities to possess.”
“It's so easy to get trapped in the notion that success means having every action regulated and planned, but the truth is far simpler. All you need is enough discipline to develop habits that lead to effortless success!”
“Stop beating yourself up! Breaking old habits isn't going to happen overnight, so don't be discouraged if it takes you longer than you planned. Give yourself some grace and remind yourself that consistency and repetition are key.”
“From an acorn grows a mighty oak - don't be embarrassed, be proud of where you're starting from, because it's all part of the journey!”
“Is the price of success an empty heart To pour just one glass of champagne Oh this huge warm mansion of gilded art And no one to kiss in the rain”
“If you can’t make it perfect, make it the best possible version within the coordinates of your abilities. ”
“Accepting unmanageable imperfections is a sign of a perfect attitude. ”
“My plan B is to make sure my Plan A works. ”
“A fool is only a fool until he keeps his foolishness with him. When he starts influencing others, he is no longer foolish. He is now dangerous.”
“An intelligent person can't go wrong, but there is a possibility that he does not reach his destination. A hardworking person can go wrong, but it's sure that he will reach his destination. ”
“If I can’t get your love, time, money, hope, and positivity, don’t thrash me with your desperation, anxiety, negativity, criticism, or unsolicited advice. ”
“Every time we learn a new thing, we open doors for opportunities. ”
“To stay ahead in the fast and furious world, slow down and think! ”
“Your emotional energy is a function of what you are trying to extract from the present moment — perfection or happiness? ”
“The taste of success is so much sweeter when the tasteless have been so bitter and nasty to you!”
“If you consider your life to be happy and successful, then it is exactly so. If you view your life as unhappy or as a failure, then you are right about that. Fortunately or unfortunately, you can never be wrong on this matter.”
“Self-care isn’t just about taking care of your body – it’s about tending to your mental health too, and that’s something all of us could use a little more of!”
“Stop surrounding yourself with all the negative energy that does nothing but drag you down.”
“I've made plenty of mistakes in my day, but one thing I've learned is that you never have to make the same mistake twice.”
“Don't let anyone's opinion of you define who you can be. Life is too short to worry about what other people think. It's your life, so own it!”
“Taking time for yourself doesn't have to be hard or expensive - whether it's treating yourself to something small or dedicating an afternoon to relax, taking some time for self-care can make all the difference in your life.”
“If you take on a challenge and really commit to it, you'll find that it's not just about that one thing - it will create new habits, skills and behaviors that can be applied in other parts of your life.”
“The first mistake is an opportunity to LEARN. But if you don’t use that experience to make a better decision next time, then that’s not an innocent mistake — it's NEGLIGENCE.”
“If you don't want to sink, then it's time to cut the negative anchors loose and start swimming!”
“Burnout is real. If you want success without the hustle and grind, plan for breaks and set boundaries for yourself.”
“Sustainable success isn't measured by how hard you work, but rather by how much time you take to relax and recharge.”
“Don't be fooled into thinking that pushing yourself all the time equals progress - taking a break every now and then is just as important, if not more so.”
“Don't let glimmers of mediocrity hold you back from achieving greatness! One small step today could be the start of a BIG journey ahead--so don't let yourself be limited by what's come before. If you want to break free from the shackles of mediocrity, do it with courage and confidence. Together, we can create a brighter future for ourselves!”
“Remember, if you tolerate mediocrity, then that's all you'll ever achieve! This applies to everything from self-talk to goals, so don't let the past determine your future.”
“Believe in yourself and be brave enough to take risks, and you'll find that life is full of endless possibilities.”
“Forget the boundaries that have been placed around you or the beliefs you’ve been told are true, and start believing in your own limitless potential!”
“It's time to change our perspectives and unleash our inner strength; it starts by recognizing how capable you really are.”
“Don't be held back by insecurity or fear, because you never know what might be on the other side of that leap of faith.”
“When it comes to life, if you believe in yourself and take bold risks, the possibilities are practically infinite.”
“Dare to dream bigger and unlock the power within, because there are no boundaries that can hold you back.”
“It's time to put aside the limits that have been placed on you and start believing in your own strength and potential!”
“Life is too short to settle for anything less than amazing!”
“Andrei was in an elusive period in life, much like a snow leopard. He’d spent a couple of years having successfully filtered out all that was terrible and ugly in his life, from old shoes to lifeless people. However, the purification finished and he had not yet found the glint of gold to replace the damned. He had nowhere to place his lifted foot. Instead, his moral foot hovered, awkwardly, a crepuscular flesh, trembling every night, unable to set itself in a correct place. He lived in that hanging imbalance every day, and some would say this period of searching takes a while. But to him, all it did was take. Not a while. The peace of his life just takes. And takes. And takes. While Andrei may not suffer from the heat of stress or common negativity that improperly placed feet do, he lived cold, in a void, without the luxury of finding a worthy arrangement for his leopard paw.”
“Needless envying those who are drunk with success; they were once sober with hard work.”
“The taste of success is so much sweeter when the tasteless have been so nasty to you!”
“Life was never about survival. For a long time, it was proposed that all living organisms shared a single purpose: to survive—but this was not the appropriate case for humans. Survival was all along but a secondary basis to man, while attendance to life was the first. One must secure something to survive for, as the cells of the straightforward body will, regardless of permission, do their job. Men do not breathe without air first around to inhale. A sailor cannot know his passion for sailing without an existing body of water. Similarly, a man can only survive if there is something larger in him that lives—not a beating heart, but a moving one. If he only “holds on,” prolonging preservation and supervising health, there is nothing in that lingering lifeform to endanger or threaten. And since no system of security can defend from death’s next play, there is no use in mortals wearing armor. The essence of chance had loitered since the beginning of time, anticipating a being who adhered to its expressions. The human priority is one’s comet.”
“Success is not a stamp of approval given by others.”
“Whether or not you get widely lauded for any influence you offer matters little. The truth is that many of those who have names written in history books, have been mentored, shaped and influenced by others whose names you may never know.”
“Do you consider yourself a nobody? What weight does that label even have? It’s a silly label. As silly as the label 'somebody'. Silly and non-adhesive. First off, to be thought of as a nobody someone has to be thinking of you in the first place. Second, being a so-called 'nobody' doesn’t make you irrelevant. We are all relevant to somebody else but unfortunately, we can lose sight of our most germane and important relationships when we chase the approval of people we don’t even know.”
“A person who dares to fall can quickly run up the icy stairs! When you prepare yourself for the worst, you can do the hardest things without fear and be miraculously successful!”
“Have dreams and work on them. Success needs you to pray, plan and implement.”
“Vic Stah Milien is nothing but a moniker, something I use to evade the paparazzi from following me to get to my clients. I have hundreds of these monikers. I am the Ghost of Hollywood.”
“But just because we now desire a new kind of success doesn’t mean we know how to get it. This rising demand for a life of personalized success has run ahead of what science can deliver because the academic study of success remains stubbornly marooned in the Age of Standardization.”
“Gain momentum by adding moments of success achieved - however small.”
“Ambition is the first step towards success.”
“Get comfortable with greatness, you have not seen anything yet. The best is yet to come”
“Proof of desire is prioritization”
“Don’t take things too personally. Critique, failures, unwarranted advice - take it to mind, not to heart. What you hear out of the mouths of others are opinions and perspectives. It’s often worth listening to opinions and perspectives, but it’s not a requisite that you take them on board.”
“Success is often simple, though because of lies and brainwashing, people are tricked into thinking it's convoluted and complex.”
“Success doesn't come without failure, and I've experienced it firsthand. I've stumbled and failed time and time again; but with each fall, I've found a new way to climb back up, learning from every experience and growing in the process.”
“Success isn't a one-man show; it takes advice from those who have achieved it to get there.”
“There are plenty of things in life beyond your control, so you have to control those few things that you are able to”
“But maybe people don’t want fantasy, they want to feel they’re in control, that they’re playing by rules they understand and that it’s possible to win.”
“Life is all about the decisions we make and the habits we keep. Don't be fooled into thinking that your future is decided by someone else - you have control over your destiny.”
“Change is hard, but it's not impossible. Don't be afraid to take the leap, because you have what it takes to soar.”
“When the going gets tough, don’t get stuck in the rut! Life is always throwing new challenges your way, but don’t let self-doubt stop you from believing in your potential and growing as a person.”
“Prioritizing your well-being is an integral part of living a successful life. Put in the effort and fuel your body and mind to build the life of your dreams.”
“The challenge isn't about being flawless, it's about being yourself and owning it!”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“I'm learning everyday that taking time for yourself is so important. It's the key to finding clarity and understanding the relationships in your life, especially the one with yourself!”
“When it comes to taking care of yourself, don't play games! You are valuable, irreplaceable, and no one can take that away from you. Make sure you don't deprive yourself of your needs and wants-you deserve the same love and respect that you give to others.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Leadership doesn't come from having the most power or authority, it comes from having the courage and drive to turn our big ideas into real action.”
“For those with the wrong perspective, your success exposes their inadequacies and comfort with mediocrity.”
“The more time you spend in planning, the less time you will take in execution.”
“Your success as a leader for your employer is not about how many of your organization's training programs you have taken but how you lead your team(s) towards productivity, profitability, and service quality, even if this is not recognized by your employer at first for, they will in time even if you have moved on!”
“One small shift in mindset, one tiny tweak to your daily routine — these are the things that can end up driving your future.”
“Sometimes it can feel like success comes in leaps and bounds, but the truth is that small shifts and tweaks are the things that will bring you closer to your desired future.”
“We love the pending future for its mystery, anticipation, and endless possibilities. But remember: how the future unravels is largely an up-to-you thing.”
“A person's success in life can be attributed to a select group of deliberate behaviors. Get them right, and success is more likely to knock on the door.”
“Do you know what is an important part of the sport for me? It is giving an opportunity to myself to play it, what is your?”
“Success is not just a thing that you just desire and you will get it. As first thing it is not given instead earned with passion and hardwork.”
“If you have fallen then get up, try again, may be this time you will emerge as an experienced winner. Think Once!”
“The more you try the more it comes closer, If you do not believe, try it! Try once!”
“Today's victory is over yesterday's self”
“ Define success as something achievable. For myself I define success like this: Did I try? Did I give my time? Did I never give up? All of which are very easy to do. Do not put success in things or outcomes.”
“There is a reason why there is no course in any university on common sense. It cannot be taught. ”
“Consistency and discipline births successful outcomes.”
“Victory sits perched upon peaks of obstacles confronting us. We should never give up.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“The road to success is paved with hard work, long hours, honorable intentions, and a humble heart. When you lose your humility, life becomes a steady decline from dreams to nightmares.”
“Living up to people's expectations limits your potential. You'll find they are unreasonably high or set so low you should consider it an insult. Be your own "bar"; decide how you'll reach your goal. Then no one can lay claim to your success. Don't worry about meeting the standard when you are the standard”
“Maturity is when you realize the universe is too big to get affected from you failure and success.”
“Anxiety, panic, heartaches, depression, tremors, crying, are the signs that tells you to change either your path or you. It is you who will decide what to change!!”
“Success and failure are parts of the same long road—take them both in stride.”
“Slinky Principle - You always get paid for how hard you work, but it's not always right away.”
“If You Are The Reason Behind Your Failure, None Can Succeed You.”
“What you ‘have’ accomplished is the exact stuff that you use to accomplish what you haven’t, rather than making the ‘haven’t’ the focus of your accomplishments.”
“Everything is meant to be gained and lost. Money, jobs, position, titles, friends, relationships, food, and happiness.The trick is to make sure whatever you gained. You hold on to it the longest. You make the best of it. You enjoy it. You preserve it. You appreciate it. You value it. You don’t give it away or lose it before time. That includes life itself.”
“The true measure of success is how many times you can bounce back from the failure.”
“You deserve to be mentally healthy and prosperous.”
“Don't run behind the brands, make yourself a Brand.”
“Success Is Not About Your Time, Your Timing.”
“No one can attain success in life without self-discipline”
“To gain momentum for growth, keep adding moments of success achieved - however small.”
“To gain momentum of growth for yourself, keep adding moments of success achieved - however small.”
“God wants you to succeed, which is why you should pray that He reveals to you the strategies and grants you the energy you need for success.”
“Go ahead and pray if you want to get far ahead in your journey to success.”
“Learn to nullify anything that tries to mess with your mind.”
“Learn to recognize your value and never undervalue yourself, because the sum total of precious stones in this world cannot compare to your value as a person.”
“Dear Daughter, Just to give you a heads-up, keep your head up ─ You are enough.”
“Dragging yourself into the past is not the answer to the uncertainties of the future. Instead, align your mind with the present to move into the future.”
“Leaders evolve when people evolve.”
“Art has two dimensions. Creative skills and creative intelligence. When both come together, a masterpiece is created.”
“You have a chance to win till you stand after every time you fall.”
“The irony is that we screw up our present moment in the desire to secure our future, but when we fail, we blame the past.”
“The past and future exist in infinite dimensions; the present moment is defined and limited.”
“The recycled bricks of the past will not create a robust building for the future. We need new approaches to construct the future.”
“The past answers our old questions, but the future only gives us new questions.”
“The person who finds answers to old questions is intelligent, the person who finds new questions is curious, but the person who finds the answer to new questions is a visionary.”
“Productivity has less to do with the number of hours you work and more to do with the additional energy you bring in the following day.”
“The future is secure in the guardianship of those who shape their present moment.”
“Our positive thoughts are an infinite source of energy.”
“Amplify the positive energy and subdue negative energy through the power of your perspectives.”
“The polarity and intensity of energy we store in our energy systems largely depend on how we interpret the facts, events, conversations, successes, failures, and relationships.”
“Get rid of your negative energy to make room for positive energy.”
“Success is a moving target, the results depend on circumstances, and circumstances change every moment. The only thing that can influence the circumstances is our positive attitude.”
“Our mind is a scanning machine: What are we scanning right now? Positivity or negativity? Happiness or imperfection?”
“Hunger will leave your appetite full of life.”
“Don't languish on the side lines in life.”
“Don't write your future with past intentions.”
“People who energize others are higher performers.”
“Focusing on our strengths makes us unique; focusing on our weaknesses makes us average.”
“The best utilization of gas in your car is to move in the direction of your destination.”
“Success is always relative; in isolation, everyone is a winner.”
“People who don't want to take responsibility for their failures blame others.”
“The fight between a crocodile and a tiger is about locational advantage. The crocodile knows about it, and that's why he attacks first despite being slower in pace.”
“Patience and persistence. Only the determined succeed.”
“Winners never quit, they keep playing until they get it right way done.”
“The struggle may be hurtful but its result will always be fruitful, so do not stop and just give it one more try to taste the fruitful outcome.”
“Mountaineering gives me strength to keep moving in life irrespective of how many failures comes in my path. What is your source of passion and strength?”
“A player may lose in the beginning of the match, may fail too but at the end he will be the one holding the best experience to start it all over again and win the match next time.”
“Regular practice, consistency and self-confidence can only help you becoming a great player.”
“Fairness and justice,” Liz said, “have never been currency in particularly high regard. Graveyards are filled with the just and the unjust alike. You want to know the difference? The unjust more often achieved what they wanted to. The easiest path to success is on other people’s backs.”
“Patient is the key. When you get stressed, stop, then; take one step at the time. Day-to-day, success will develop itself.”
“Every individual has a unique frame of reference. What works for someone might not work for you.”
“Thank you for not letting me write your story. I used that time and energy to write my own.”
“For a logical person, a brief explanation is good enough. Justification is not needed.”
“Communication happens only between two logical people.”
“Watch it! Arguments can be sports for someone.”
“They will keep exploiting you by creating an illusion about Hardwork because your hard work makes them richer. Farmers are historically the most hardworking people, so why do they top the list of people who commit suicide? The fact is, your birth decides your fate, and that is pure luck. God did not give you the right to choose your parents or birthplace. Compare the fate of a child born in Afghanistan with the child of Elon musk, no amount of hard work will make him more successful than Elon's.”
“Before knowing how to do it, knowing why and what to do is essential.”
“There is no harm in taking a step forward if you are not standing on the mountain's brink.”
“In the desire to control others, we lose control over ourselves.”
“A world without a queue is chaos.”
“Either go left or right. You can't move in two directions at the same time.”
“Busyness is a self-destructive tool humans have invented to create an illusion of success.”
“If you want to live like a king, you have to make money like a king.”
“2023 is a year to break new barriers, it's a year to ensure that our vision board is achieved and success is our priority! God speed on your 2023 journey!”
“Success is when people start copying you.”
“Winning is an event that your opponent controls. But, you do have the choice to give your best.”
“The power of perspectives is in its fluidity”
“In a world full of clutter, intelligence is defined as our ability to distinguish between what we need and what we need to discard”
“Dear Daughter, Success is good in life and so is character. Keep working on your character. Choose to be a role model. A well-to-do woman with good morals.”
“When you lern forgiveness, you will find success and with it, Happiness.”
“Change resistance is inversely proportional to our energy levels. The lower the energy, the higher the resistance”
“Creating sustainable human energy systems is a new competitive advantage for companies operating in fast-changing environments”
“It is quite simple to live a life of progress, have a vision and be committed to the process required for success.”
“Their war maneuvers excluded shame.”
“We want to use your two army officers who dealt with Mideast spy tactics, including drugging, hypnotism, and espionage. If we do this, gentlemen, they will be far away in New Mexico. Now, it’s up to the FBI.”
“We have three sets of passports. Two are Egyptian with false names.”
“Your cousin Albert told me that, in business, they call this a pivot. But life is filled with them, too. The most successful people are also the most able to change their mindsets.”
“Realise that, expansion of our consciousness is the highest form of success.”
“A SUCCESSFUL ILLITERATE CAN NEVER DEFINE HIS SUCCESS WITHOUT EDUCATING HIM.”
“The stronger, greater, and more successful a person becomes, the more vulnerable and susceptible to moral failures. It comes with the territory, the higher grounds are also more visible and the target even from far.”
“The seeds of our future trouble are sown in the times of great success and prosperity”
“Many leaders can handle trials and trouble better than success and elevation”
“Stop being an average mindset.”
“Those who bank with God can never go bankrupt.”
“There's no doubt in my mind that you will be successful, one way or the other. If not with this, there will be something else. None of us know where life will take us, but you're making sacrifices and working hard for your dreams. As long as you stay true to those dreams, keep them at the forefront of your mind, you're moving in the right direction. At least that's what I tell myself.”
“Your greatest successes in life will often come from assisting others in their endeavours.”
“To elevate our human experience, we translate the material into its spiritual essence. This way, we will find that supply and everything else we need is available in its most profound sense. We will also find that it will not tend to turn sour. •	Home is love, peace, and nurturing. •	Family is spiritual co-habitation, respect, and appreciation for another’s existence. •	Work is purpose, service, creativity, and usefulness. •	Money is freedom and generosity. •	Success is goodwill, energy, intelligence, and initiative. ”
“Success is a road travel not a destination reached.”
“There is no fulfillment like be useful.”
“Now it my time to thanks God openly with my rough life journey if I didnt go through in it I wouldnt speak with you here, reach things that I have right now and become person that I am when I compare my life before and after it improved a lot and I'm so greatful it make me agree that there were no mistakes on passing on those situations the thing I like the most is the person I became. Now I can boost,motivate you on your own journey I'm a best person to tell you bolde now that in patient there's success by trust and believe in God you never loose and it your arrow & sheild.”
“Failure is a necessary step on the path toward success.”
“The next time you spot failure, touch it. Sniff it. Hold it in your hand. Look closely. You might find within it a speck of success.”
“Perceiving failure as an opportunity to learn does not mean that you are trying to negate the consequences of your actions. It simply means that you are ready to try again, this time by using a different strategy or working on your weak points.”
“Success is the sunny side of hell. Trek through the darkness of your mind. Hit walls. Burst through. Like the breaking day, success is no less than tearing through the gates of hell. The light of success is always there, it just burns a little. Open your eyes and see.”
“Work from your goals, not toward them.”
“When you sacrifice what you love for success, you get neither.”
“Your list of things to do is not the same as your list of things to be done.”
“Don't count your steps. Make your steps count.”
“Work from the dream, not toward it. When you’re working toward goals, you’re doing everything that aren’t goals. Working from the dream creates a strategic and economic moat around your dream. You can rescue your dream from the end of a timeline.”
“When I started flirting with the hustle, failure became my ex, now I’m engaged to the game and married to success.”
“Hay dos buenos trucos para triunfar siempre. Uno: hacerse el idiota; otro : serlo.”
“Just do without any thought, and there will be no competition for your simplicity, truth, and perseverance.”
“Yet surely, in the world of humans, no one goes out of their way to run down a person who hasn't really made it in the world, or whose reputation is already on the wane. And no one would pause to savour the sight or the sound of some boring bird such as a kite or a crow. So, really, it's precisely because the uguisu is supposed to be such a marvellous bird that one's perversely more aware of its failings.”
“She began to burn herself again. She found release in the pain; it was comforting, familiar. It was a trade-off she was well used to. Success required sacrifice. Sacrifice meant pain. Pain meant success.”
“The people we’d want to share it all with die before we get it.”
“Success is a bitter fruit: sooner or later, what you have created turns against you, becomes your torment.”
“The success zone and the comfort zone are not in the same place.”
“America is a success. It is the people who refuse to grow and change with the country’s needs that fail her experiment.”
“Don’t go around boasting about your achievements. Success is only as grand as someone else think it is.”
“Missing a train is only painful if you run after it. Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that is what you are seeking.”
“A world that confuses luxury with success, has absolutely zero understanding of the human condition. That's why they idolize rich and filthy celebrities with private jets and rolls royce, as some sort of demigods. If this is your idea of success, then you guys are more disgustingly primitive than the wildlife in the amazon. At least, wild animals don't pretend to be civilized. Riches maketh filth, filth pursue riches. To live a life of luxury, or to dream of a life of luxury, doesn't make us ambitious, it only exposes the moron that we are. A species that has not realized simplicity as the way of life, will never in a million years have a society without disease and disparity. I won't mince my words, and tell you straight. Wanna be a decent human being? Stay away from luxury. Because luxury is a violation of human rights, human health, and above all, human character. It's funny really! Some people can't afford two wholesome meals a day, while others live with a private airport in their backyard. Some parents work their butt off to keep the clothes on their children's back, while others shower their kids with lamborghinis and teslas. If this doesn't open your eyes, perhaps you should try lobotomy. I'm sure you can find some unlicensed surgeon somewhere who'd do it for you if you offer them a trip to the bahamas, or better yet, a trip to space in your own spaceship.”
“Success isn't a straight line but failure is, you fail straight but you succeed by bending, mending, and molding that line of failure until you reach that position and place you called success.”
“In some cases, trying is better than doing because it indicates that you are attempting things hard enough to fail.”
“What Makes a Man is COURAGE! Have the Courage of Your Conviction.”
“Education Through Excellence (The Sonnet) During my aimless years I once had an urge, To learn about jet propulsion engine. So I wrote content for tech support websites, To buy a couple of books on aeronautics. Education means catering to curiosity, Study to gain excellence not a certificate. If it doesn't open your eyes to social ascension, Education only causes the world to dehydrate. You can stuff entire encyclopedias into your head, That still will not make you an educated being. If education was the same thing as information, Google would be the omniscient superbeing. Certificate without humanity is a ticket to stoneage. If it takes away your warmth, it is all decadence.”
“Who does not want a life full of peace of mind, joy, and contentment, as well as success in work and relationships? It has been proven that all of this is in our minds, determined and shaped by the way we think. Therefore, think with love, trust, and faith, and you will find all that you desire manifested in your life.”
“That night, it rained on the other dogs, who slept outside in the cold barn, which leaked. But the little dog snuggled into a warm bed beside the fire, hugged by the farmer’s children, his belly full. And as he did, the dog sadly thought to himself, ‘I could not become a dragon. I am an utter and complete failure.’ “The end.”
“Success isn’t always about triumph. It’s about carrying on, continuing the battle. Even the fight can’t be won.”
“It often happens: you're talking with someone, and you kind of like what he's saying, and there seems to be some truth in it. Then suddenly you notice he's wearing an old tee shirt, his slippers are darned, his trousers are patched at the knee and the furniture in his room is worn and cheap. You look a bit closer and all around you you see signs of humiliating poverty you didn't notice before, and you realise everything your interlocutor has done and thought in his life has failed to lead him to that single victory that you wanted so badly on that distant May morning when you gritted your teeth and promised yourself you wouldn't lose, even though it still wasn't really very clear just who you were playing with and what the game was. And although it hasn't become the slightest bit clearer since then, you immediately lose interest in what he's saying. You want to say goodbye to him in some pleasant fashion, get away as quickly as possible and finally get down to business.”
“People mistake success for money but rather success is completeness and progressive perfection in every direction of life a person.”
“You will not succeed until bruised by failures.”
“Happiness doesn't change you. Pain does.”
“Everyone wants a great life with a great shortcut but without great struggle.”
“To stay down in whatever place I was last knocked down is to decide that life is done long before it is done.”
“Make yourself into a battery to store some of this feeling; it is the currency of your life  There will be many months and some years where you will receive no payments at all  while your friends buy dogs and houses.”
“The good thing about a plan is that you know what you're going to do, you get things done and you always know what's next.”
“Your mind is its own food in the appetite to success.”
“A free man, when he fails, blames nobody.”
“Prove value first; Prove value always.”
“Each of us has the power to positively affect a fellow human being with our story. We might broaden a perspective, open a new door to success, improve someone’s work life, help them through a moment of crisis, or make them bit happier or healthier thanks to our story. Share your dream of a better tomorrow, and invite others to join you in that dream.”
“Great entrepreneurs are the jack of all trades, master of some.”
“Luck is for those who believe Success is waiting somewhere in the corner, and hard work is for those who believe the human mind is capable of achieving anything of their choice, no matter the circumstances.”
“You have the power to be a success if you choose to use it.”
“There can be no success without difficulty because otherwise everyone would be equally successful and it wouldn't be called success. There must be the challenge, the discipline, the fortitude that is only developed and forged in fire.”
“The rest will fall into place, because true wealth and true happiness are reserved in this world for the people who are willing to risk it all in order to capture it. (p216)”
“This week I've been reading a lot and doing little work. That's the way things ought to be. That's surely the road to success.”
“The behind every act of obedience there is an open door”
“Harbinder paces her office. She still can’t stop herself thinking, Look at me with an office big enough to pace in .”
“aku gak berharap aku akan berhasil tapi aku yakin akan berhasil. karena berharap adalah bukti sebuah ketidakyakinan”
“Some people won’t be able to digest your words.”
“The most successful people are full of enthusiasm. There is an unmistakable fire in their eyes. They speak and act with passion.”
“Success is your ability to overcome all obstacles to achieve your desires.”
“Successful people achieve what they set out to do. All others make excuses.”
“Excuses are fences. Push yourself beyond these and you'll see that Success knows no boundaries.”
“What you can accomplish in life is limited only by the size of your dreams. Dream big and your accomplishments can be big.”
“The secret to a good life is appreciating what you have, but knowing how to get more.”
“Winning gives you confidence! So learn to celebrate your ‘little’ successes.”
“The only thing we ever have less of is time." - Jill Reid | Discover Your Personal Truth”
“If you often feel like things are not going well for you, remember that to attain success is not easy.”
“The modern individual is committed to being successful, not to being a person.”
“Success is not something to wait for, it is something to work for.”
“Life never gets easy. Regardless of what your parents and relatives promised you to make you study hard in your childhood, many people realize this in retrospect after decades of deceptive hopes.”
“To scrape new heights of success, you must first deepen the roots of your principles.”
“Successful people wants to achieve the peaks to keep them open to any choice of life. It's not easy at all.”
“The greater your success, the greater the forces that will try to confine you.”
“Your Attitude determines your direction.”
“The sudden success which you acquire will lose it quickly.”
“Make the story of your success greater than the accounts of your failures.”
“Your failures are not embarrassments to be buried. Rather, they are seeds to be planted.”
“If you step on other people's necks to get rich, or barter your personal honor, then it is others who pay for your success and you can hardly call it your own. If, however, you build something that is of benefit to other people, give them an opportunity to rise with you on your upward climb, you make a contribution.”
“There is a level of success you will attain that your enemy will succumb to become your friend.”
“Failure is one of those things that 'serious people' dread. Invariably, the persons most likely to be crippled by this fear are people who have convinced themselves that they are SO bitchen they shouldn't ever be placed in a situation where they might fail. Failure is nothing to get upset about. It's a fairly normal condition; an inevitability in ninety-nine percent of all human undertakings. Success is rare—that's why people get so cranked up about it.”
“when we’re experiencing difficulties it’s also important to remember that the struggles won’t last forever and that the goals we set mattered to us for a reason.”
“There is no growth without discomfort.”
“Lack of entitlement drives small nation’s success: they expect to adapt to outside forces, so they do.”
“A society where everybody is paddling the same boat at a decent pace will move quicker and more effortlessly than one with a few speedsters and many laggards.”
“The cost of conflict almost always outweigh the benefit of what is being fought over.”
“How you spend your time is how you show your love.”
“Our problem is not the government,other people,the rich or the economy this we can't control but we sure can control our own minds. We perish for lack of knowledge so start learning & keep learning.Remember even what you know is useless if not used.”
“I have a bad habit of racing death and winning .”
“Be cautious of those who applaud your accomplishment. And never lose those who walk by you in hopelessness.”
“Errors and Evolution (The Sonnet) Elimination of error is elimination of evolution, What's needed is correction of error not elimination. Why you ask - because error expands perception, While absence of error indicates absence of ascension. Pebbles don't make mistakes, for pebbles have no life. People make mistakes, for people are alive and kicking. Make the error, mend the error, that is how we grow. Don't be ashamed, don't be boastful, just keep correcting. Those who never make mistakes, never amount to anything, Failures are the foundation of a legend's legacy. Let them celebrate your triumphs all they want, You for one celebrate your mistakes and misery. The shallow measure a person by their glorious victories. Those with character measure a character by their tragedies.”
“Momentum is the "it" factor in life. If you want success build momentum.”
“Mistakes can be avoided when you start asking the right questions. The more complicated the problem, the more crucial it is that you learn the skill of identifying what problem you are trying to solve and holding tight to that clarity amidst the disruptions of everyday life. If you want more time, learn not to waste time on the wrong problems. If you want more energy, learn to solve problems that have solutions. If you want more money, learn to focus on solutions that can get you more money. The success of your future and the future of those around you is absolutely determined by your ability to develop the habits of an outstanding decision maker. And you can’t make the right decision if you aren’t solving the right problem.”
“The people who will achieve the greatest success are those who seek the help they need throughout their lives, not in heaven or in others, but in themselves!”
“The concept of ‘work smart, not hard’ just sounds lazy with no planned end-result. Working hard towards a goal while applying smart strategy is more promising. I’ve personally found that with the greater the struggle, the greater the drive to add value and become a success.”
“Widespread distrust imposes a kind of tax on all forms of economic activity It constricts and raises the cost of transactions.”
“Much of the current debate focuses not on success but on failure. There is a shelf-load of books discussing flawed states such as ‘Why Nations Fail?’, ‘Is Democracy Dying?’ and ‘What’s Killing Liberalism?’. But as Harvard University’s Steven Pinker reminds us, ‘There are so many more ways for things to go wrong than to go right’, making success far more valuable to explain than failure. Have we not heard enough about failure? After all, history shows that unlike lotteries, progress is usually a matter of finding something which works and reverse-engineering it.”
“Nations do not spontaneously organize themselves to achieve higher Human Development Index rankings or PISA scores, lower CO2 emissions. Food does not fall on their plates, clothes on their backs or roofs over their heads. Well being and progress towards it, is what begs a better explanation.”
“Given the predominance of bad news in the media arising from large nations, many might be surprised that some small, nimble, outperforming countries are doing exceptionally well. Nine of the top ten top ten positions in the United Nations Human Development Index are countries with populations of less than 20 million and seventeen of the top twenty. They took nine out of the top ten spots in IMD’s most recent Global Competitiveness Report. Nine of the ten happiest countries are small, successful nations.”
“Singapore has found a way to provide cost-effective quality healthcare for its citizens with superior outcomes as 25% the cost of the US and 40% the cost of Europe. Israel has created a start-up ecosystem to rival Silicon Valley. Finland and Singapore consistently rank among the highest in PISA scores although their spending per pupil is among the lowest of OEDC nations. Zwolle, a town in the Netherlands, makes roads out of recycled plastic which are cheaper, last longer and are environmentally friendly. The Dutch pension system is the envy of the world. Swiss citizens passed a law to limit their congress’s ability to impose obligations on future generations, eliminating the moral hazard of elected officials engaging in “buy now, pay later” policy enactments. Ireland, once among the poorest nations in Europe now ranks among its most prosperous. Through its “Citizens Assemblies”, Petri dishes used to form political consensus at the ground level on sensitive matters such as abortion and gay marriage, it has morphed from one of the conservative societies to among the most liberal. New Zealand has just introduced ‘naked vegetables’, requiring produce in supermarkets to be sold without plastic packaging.”
“Across the globe, these and other small nations are driving a quiet revolution towards progress. As such, they are the laboratories of the world, arriving at the future first.”
“Since smaller nations are exposed to exogenous forces, they have greater incentive to experiment and innovate. Since they are better able to intermediate a political consensus the pathway from knowing to doing is more expedient.”
“At the same time, we face unprecedented problems such as pandemics, global warming, aging populations and information distortion caused by social media. These are common problems and thus require shared solutions.”
“New, experimental forms of multilateral organisations are required to come up with novel solutions. Traditional institutions driven by large nations are hamstrung due to: difficulties at home, heavy emphasis on self interest, unwieldy size and sclerotic bureaucracy.”
“Success in smaller nations tend to be hidden because they lie off piste from the traditional corridor of information traffic stretching from Los Angeles, New York, London, Berlin, Shanghai and Tokyo.”
“Gaining sway over the world’s treasures is no longer a matter of giant armies and navies but of winning trade battles and global contests for professional talent.”
“It is important that Children grow up embracing meritocracy and egalitarianism, not privilege and elitism. That they learn at an early age to place more value on the community than the individual, on collaboration rather than rivalry and on social norms rather than regulation.”
“Education experts emphasise the importance of PISA scores; of reading and mathematics. It is also important how a nation educates its children to become good citizens. There is no measure for this, despite its immense value to a well-functioning democracy. For centuries great thinkers such as David Hume and Adam Smith have argued that greed and self-interest drive economic progress. But new evidence show that citizens of smaller nations place less value on money for its own sake than their counterparts in larger nations.”
“Blackrock, the world’s largest manager and custodian of Index ETFs, is now the most important owner of multinational companies. Bizarrely, our capital market system, based on wide ownership of joint stock companies, has evolved to confer ownership on a group of fund managers with no intention, incentive or mandate to act in a responsible manner.”
“To reform the most important aspects of the social contract such as education, health care, environment and pensions, requires boldness and steadfastness. It takes a generation to determine whether reforms have been successful so government policy must hold its course despite changes in prime ministers and control of parliament.”
“In an increasingly knowledge-based world, the nations which can attract and hold the most knowledgeable workers will be the most successful.”
“When you sacrifice what you love for success you get neither.”
“Sloan knew why Renee had fallen in love with Waylan. He didn’t have to tell Sloan he’d been drinking or that he loved Renee, and yet he did. ”
“When she met him, he’d been standing on a dead-end street in the middle of no-where’s-ville.” ”
“What are your success metrics then?" I frowned at Tola, and she shrugged. "I dunno   being comfortable in your skin, having loads of adventures, living with purpose, being happy, having good people in your life, taking risks?”
“The things that people would call success have not given me more joy, peace, or security on the inside. (…) the joy is not in the role, the joy is in the responsibility.”
“We had no interest in saying what our audience wanted to hear. In fact, we wanted to tell them the opposite … and we did! The people on the side of the Truth will always end up with no audience. The liars will always have their huge audience. That’s the difference between truth and lies. How will we make ourselves more popular? I know … we’ll use emojis! Not!”
“We didn’t find our rightful audience, but from the ashes of the AC scene, we shall rise again – the Phoenix always does. Our true audience will find its way to us eventually. It’s not unusual for a false audience to come first.”
“Results are important, but the way they are achieved, the process, is equally important.”
“Only you can fulfil your dreams, only you can make your dreams your reality, because only you really know what your dreams are.”
“Seems to me like all of the successes I've had in life came after a strong urge to quit.”
“There’s no single way to impart knowledge. Teaching isn’t only successful when “experts” stand before a group of kids and lecture them.”
“Please celebrate your wins. No matter how small it appears, bask in it and applaud yourself.”
“Being rich makes you lose interest in a lot of things.”
“Got used to a lot of fancy life, places something has to be special to impress me.”
“Sometimes I spend money on things just to entertaining my creative.”
“Don’t be controlled by social media, learn how to get rich with it.”
“The type of belief in myself I had to have was met with a childlike naivety. At age twenty, I was too dumb to know that I had a snowball’s chance in hell of succeeding, but I believed in myself enough to try. I knew that if I didn’t act, there was a 100 percent chance I wouldn’t find success.”
“Your entire life can change in the blink of an eye. Storms can come in and rock you to the core. I started to doubt myself, but I eventually learned two unbelievably valuable lessons at that moment: 1. Never doubt yourself. 2. Never stop pursuing your dreams. Setbacks are temporary and a natural occurrence on the road to success. So I figured I better get used to them.”
“And when all the lights have gone out, such as is the case in the modern era, we must look at the brilliance which shines in far off places, and journey to it. We must bring the Grail back to The People. It is up to us to undertake a most perilous journey. Success isn’t guaranteed. But we go forth regardless. Do you have the courage to join us?”
“As ever, AC material is controversial, so no one of a sensitive disposition should access this work. You can’t say you haven’t been warned. We understood that for our message to be pure, it would entail shrinking our audience to almost zero, and we have more or less achieved that. When you tell the truth, you repulse everyone who follows the lie, and that’s close to almost all of humanity. Humanity loves the Lie. It worships it. It will have nothing else. The Truth is of no use to it at all. So, come inside and follow the final phase of this strangest of all stories. You’ll laugh, you’ll cry, you’ll be enraged, and many of you will storm off in a huff. At the end, you will either love us or hate us, and probably the latter. That’s how it ought to be. What could be worse than going out with a whimper rather than a bang?”
“Be happy; it makes your enemies crazy.”
“Knowledge is an endless resource for success in life, develop the art of learning something new every day in your life”
“In business success, you need 3 things, working hard, patience and determination, and most importantly, serve before you sell”
“Celebrate your success, then set your eyes on the horizon; there is so much more to do!”
“Time is the most precious of all resources. It cannot be stored or saved. It cannot be bought or sold. Each precious moment must be used to its fullest or its value is lost forever.”
“There is no magic except that which lives within you!”
“Always pursue glory. Shine like the stars. Burn up with ambition. Shed your old skin. Try, try, and try again. Fail, fail, and fail again. But fail better, and one day you will not fail at all.”
“Praying in tongues enlarges your capacity to understand, appreciate, access and appropriate deep secrets and mysteries in God.”
“My experiment about life is that what I was trying, with all my interest, now I am getting more or less success from that effort.”
“CULTURE SAYS: Impressing the world is the currency of success. GOD HAS TAUGHT ME: Seek My approval and your best life will follow.”
“How you live now determines the kind of life you will live & have from now,for if you keep doing the same things then expect the same results.”
“The most successful people are also the most able to change their mindsets.”
“The sun rose and fell and we remained stuck to her bedsheets and each other.”
“Honey, I'm Marilyn Fucking Monroe. And don't you forget it.”
“You have to be prepared that some opportunities will work out and others won't, and that's ok. You can’t win everywhere. The more opportunities you get, the more rejections you will receive. It's simply a numbers game.”
“The strongest, the most intelligent, the most successful of men is not worthy of being called a Man if he is devoid of courage!”
“When opportunities knock on your door, don't wait too long to decide because when you take too much time, the decision will be made for you — typically, this will not be to your benefit.”
“Judge your successes by the sacrifices made to achieve them.”
“Some people want to be exactly where you are, but they don't want to pay the price you paid to be where you are.”
“Nobody will be there for you in the making, but everybody will be there in the taking.”
“Sometimes the harshest ridicule holds the direst question - question that is necessary for self-correction – question that is necessary for self-improvement.”
“Success requires not a previous preparation since it depends on luck and insight, and both are timeless; thus, such planning can't be a guarantee and warranty for success.”
“Success depends on previous preparation, and without such preparation, there is sure to be [a] failure. - Confucius Success requires not a previous preparation since it depends on luck and insight, and both are timeless; thus, such planning can't be a guarantee and warranty for success. - Ehsan Sehgal”
“If you want to make it big, remember to do the small things well.”
“As with all daring and successful men the tricks and devices of his subconscious nature were much more formidable than his rational schemes; and so by a sort of automatic protective instinct he kept them subconscious.”
“The simplest secret to success is to cross the limits that often come your way!”
“One day you will be proud that you did not give up on your dreams when pursuing them was full of challenges. Until then, keep on pushing forward.”
“Know which change you want to see in your life, plan how to make that change, and take action to make things happen.”
“Choose the life you want to live and plan and take action to live that life.”
“Look forward to the future you desire and not backward at the past you did not want to have.”
“Some people don’t care how they win. All they care about is that they win.”
“Some trains stop very briefly at the station; either you get on right away or you miss the train! Sometimes what we call success is just being fast!”
“Every battle is first won in the mind.”
“If you want to be great, do not focus on being average.”
“He worked by day and toiled by the night. He gave up play and some delight. Dry books he read, New things to learn. And forged ahead, success to earn. He plodded on with faith and pluck; And when he won men called it luck.”
“Overcoming a challenge is the best revenge.”
“It's important to understand that when you’re involved in a project, it's everybody’s job to work together for the sake of a project’s success. In no circumstances can you allow yourself to become another problem that everybody has to deal with.”
“Building a successful career is a long-term endeavor. In many cases, it will depend not just on your talent and hard work but also on the positive connections that you make with other industry professionals and on the realization that your own success is rooted in your ability to help others first.”
“Nobody will wait around for your decision — things move fast, and what was suggested to you yesterday might be taken away today by somebody else who chose to move faster.”
“I realized that being a cook wasn't only about providing people with food, but rather about providing them with the feeling that they were cared for.”
“The best teachers I’ve met are the ones who use life experiences and explorative practices in order to expand minds. Without free-thinking, unconventional educators, I would never have been able to succeed.”
“you must get the right talent and set the proper expectations. If you don’t, you will pay for the job twice—through your employees’ time and your own.”
“Stop overestimating, thinking that you have all the time in the world. In fact, you don’t have time for most of what you think you have time for.”
“Every entrepreneur faces mediocre moments or points in their careers when they are not meeting their goals. What they do in response to these shortcomings is what either leads them astray or guides them to success.”
“A Visionaire always takes a step back during a crisis to get out of their own way.”
“I feel life today is too competitive to be enjoyable. Even if you don't want it to be, life is one intense competition, and how well you fare in it will determine your happiness and success. Most people just want to look like a winner more than they want to be a winner. I detest the competitiveness that permeates the society and how everything revolves around establishing yourself as a unique individual and honing skills that you can advertise in the market place. Contrary to popular belief, competition is not always beneficial. It adds a lot of unwanted frustration and stress. It can be destructive to one's self-esteem. Competition makes us imitate our competitors and we lose our identity in the midst of it. Why does it matter how successful someone else is in comparison to me? To be honest, I don't really care about being successful now. I just want the freedom to do anything I want without having to worry about social standards.”
“Our reasoned choice--our 'prohairesis,' as the stoics called it--is a kind of invincibility that we can cultivate. We can shrug off hostile attacks and breeze through pressure and problems.”
“Someone’s good fortune is not your misfortune.”
“Patience, is​ a​ virtue. Waiting​ too​ long, is​ a​ missed​ opportunity.”
“Time is NOT money, time is something you invest in order to make money.”
“It’s worth stressing that wealth and success are never the top motivators for geniuses. Most geniuses have ended up in poverty, obscurity and failure. Genius has its price and that price is normally the total blank incomprehension, or even active contempt, of the world. A genius is invariably an outsider, rebel and revolutionary. All new ideas threaten the Old Order, and the Old Order is never interested in losing its power and prestige. The currently rich and successful do not want to open the doors to their own replacements. They’re not stupid. Geniuses never get along with the Old Order. After all, geniuses are here precisely to change the Old Ways.”
“If you know where you want to go in life, people tend to help or get out of the way. Both of those are useful.”
“If people's think you are mad because of your activities then congrats because you are doing the something which they can't even imagine.”
“Energy and focus do not come with success and wealth. Success and wealth come from having energy and focus.”
“Confidence, growth, success, inspiration, love, everything is within us only. Just we need a terrible jerk of something to prepare ourselves for this life.”
“Trying to win at all costs will cost you dearly.”
“If you want to advance, you must act”
“You can grow in any area of your life if you are consistent.”
“You can be the most talented person in the world, but if you’re not reliable, you’re going nowhere fast.”
“Behind all the desires to be successful lies the effort of trying to be happy by neutralizing an inadequacy that a person sees in himself or something he does not like in himself!”
“Success is not guaranteed, it’s temporary.”
“A mindset is all that you need if you wish to grow strong.”
“In this dark age, parents also give utmost importance to the child who is most successful in life. So what can we expect from others?”
“If you are afraid of failure you don’t deserve to be successful.”
“Phantom living (and the associated phantom pain) looks like doing things you don’t have to do, but you think you do—letting life pass you by while you work day and night for success.”
“Final Cause: What would success look like for you after you've achieved the goal?”
“Hold on to anything, just anything. Don’t give up. There is still plenty of time for a miracle to happen in your life.”
“We will keep on planting flowers until spring is ours.”
“Still, failure, success, what is it? Whae gies a fuck. We aw live, then we die, in quite a short space ay time n aw. That's it; end ay fuckin story.”
“What is happiness? We have been taught to be ambitious and competitive, but no ambitious person has ever been happy. If you watch the people who have succeeded in the world, who have all the money, power and success in the world, they are not happy. Happiness has nothing to do with success. Happiness has nothing to do with ambition. Happiness has nothing to do with money, power and prestige. Nothing fails like success. Happiness is a totally different dimension. Happiness has to do with your being, with your consciousness not with ambition and success.”
“We are all talented at coming up with plausible excuses.”
“From time to time in the years to come, I hope you will be treated unfairly, so that you will come to know the value of justice. I hope that you will suffer betrayal because that will teach you the importance of loyalty. Sorry to say, but I hope you will be lonely from time to time so that you don’t take friends for granted. I wish you bad luck, again, from time to time so that you will be conscious of the role of chance in life and understand that your success is not completely deserved and that the failure of others is not completely deserved either. And when you lose, as you will from time to time, I hope every now and then, your opponent will gloat over your failure. It is a way for you to understand the importance of sportsmanship. I hope you’ll be ignored so you know the importance of listening to others, and I hope you will have just enough pain to learn compassion. Whether I wish these things or not, they’re going to happen. And whether you benefit from them or not will depend upon your ability to see the message in your misfortunes.”
“Little victories produce big wins.”
“Ambition can be just as much as a curse as it can be a blessing.”
“Everyone can achieve success, far fewer are those who know how to keep it, fewer still are those who manage to derive happiness from it.”
“Every success is a failure if it aims to show someone down.”
“”
“”
“ your job is just what you do. It’s not who you are.”
“There isno success without much sacrifice.”
“The golden equation of life is S = D^P^A. Success is equal to Dreams to the power of Passion to the power of Actions.”
“We must keep our eyes on our own path only. When things go well, we are grateful. When they do not, we are patient. We accept success with ease and perspective. We accept failure with tolerance.”
“Focus more on people who inspire you rather than annoy you. You’ll get much further in life.”
“Walk if you want to, but I'm going to fly.”
“Success the decision to commit in giving up your own soul to the Journey that you are about to start.”
“Success is the decision to commit in giving up your own soul to the Journey that you are about to start.”
“Book of Destiny (The Sonnet) The book of destiny is the being, Who doesn't believe in destiny. The epitome of victory is the one, Who doesn't care for victory. Victory and destiny all are born, Of the sweat and blood of the determined. Annihilate the self for a purpose, And you'll be the icon of universal uplift. You don't fall by falling at someone's feet, You fall by climbing on top of others' head. You don't rise by being superior to others, But by losing sense of high 'n low divisiveness. Mark me well, human is neither person nor species. Designation Human is the highest of all responsibilities.”
“If you are having mysterious sickness for years that doctors have had little success in treating, an intestinal parasite cleanse is always worth a try.”
“You know you are achieving success with your treatments when frequent trips to doctors wane into occasional annual visits for routine check ups.”
“Priority means to precede and proceed.”
“Success is Simple, not Easy”
“Living in body we live a few decades, living in mission we turn immortal.”
“He that is greatest among you, let him become your servant. There is a great contrast in this attitude of mind in comparison to that of the man who only wants to make a living or just "get by." "Getting by" is not true success. Man's motive must be greater, nobler, and more altruistic. He must serve others, thereby casting his bread upon the waters”
“Monday is a breakfast of ideas.”
“It's true. I've been to university, but my life is still a mess. Everything they say about my success is made up, but every family needs one fake person to be proud of.”
“A woman who knows how to ‘Lead with DESIRE’ can unlock a man’s true potential to succeed both financially and romantically.”
“The greatest reward of success isn’t the money or acclaim; it’s the confidence and self-respect that success brings with it.”
“There are always those people wringing their hands and groaning about their failures as if always caused by other people or circumstances beyond their control. They rant about why things can’t be done. Hah! People actually doing those very things repeatedly interrupt the naysayers! That is not only fun, but also it makes the discipline and effort of doing the right things even more satisfying and personally rewarding.”
“Become a Morale Booster Extraordinaire. Lift others up and celebrate their hard-earned successes. Win by achieving. Respect the achievements of others.”
“The enthusiasm of passion is the simple key to attitude beating aptitude.”
“Just because it didn’t work doesn’t mean it was the wrong choice. The world is full of probabilities, not certainties. Find a game where the probabilities favor you and keep taking shots.”
“We played the main role in the doing of some things we didn’t do, by saying they couldn’t or wouldn’t be done.”
“It felt important to acknowledge our small successes, to stop and observe the tiny pockets of sunshine that broke up the boredom of our monochrome days and made us smile.”
“Trust me . You are important”
“Fly, and you will never walk again.”
“We cannot fall if we take the right steps.”
“Success and happiness are what lies beyond fear. Bravery and enduring faith are what take you there.”
“If the shoes don't fit, try wearing your own.”
“My balloon hasn't burst yet. In fact, I haven't even started to blow it up yet.”
“Your success is your success.”
“Happiness cannot be the goal because you already have it”
“You can do everything, this is not useful for you. if you don't believe it”
“If you want to know the power of an idea just know, that it can change your whole life”
“The biggest problem is thinking about the problem and thinking about the solution the greatest solution”
“People who base success on the here and now, have no hope for keeping it for long. True success takes on a life of its own. The beauty of that life is, it can be immortal. If you nurture, cultivate, build, and believe in the power of a successful life, it will live on well past the person who conceived it.”
“Now King had all the accoutrements of success: a Porsche, a mortgage, a divorce, a kid he saw on weekends.”
“To read your future, you need to understand your past.”
“The road to your dreams are littered with failed hopes.”
“Be yourself, stand out and stop trying to fit in.”
“Don’t be part of the people complaining about the problem you are born to solve, instead take action to solve that problem.”
“Have confidence in yourself, and you will be able to face and overcome your fears.”
“Think, create your desired life, and then take action to live that life to the fullest.”
“Everyone in the company should feel like they are winning. That is the Sol-Caritas way.”
“You can't afford to give up now, rise up, show up, and win. it's your day!”
“Your intentions are important, as they are the basis upon which your desires then your success are built.”
“I did not have a crystal ball to predict my future success, but I had proof from my past efforts. For now, that was enough.”
“One simple step of parking my attention on something constructive and using my strengths helped me build self-esteem. Instead of considering myself to be a failure, I could see myself as a success, even if in only a small way.”
“You must be a lionhearted human to succeed in the world we live in today, not as a fraudster, yahoo plus or armed robber, but as someone who is determined to create the life he wants for himself through legitimate means.”
“The reality is that we become successful in this world by working hard at something that comes easily to us, and that engages us.”
“The key to success is not never having failures, but learning from your failures. You should first let yourself really feel and experience the failure; the terror, shame, disappointment, disillusionment, and exhaustion. Make sure you think about the failure; understand it. Be clear about what was your role and what wasn't your role. Be honest about what you did wrong or would do differently. Then you can move forward, and rebuild.”
“Success relies on your capacity to cooperate, ability to regulate your emotions, capacity to delay gratification, and capacity to focus your attention.”
“I am only uncomfortable when I find myself comfortable. I literally hate comfort. It is where all dreams go to die.”
“Everyone has bad habits. It is your good habits that build you.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my dreams and goals. I have zero tolerance for doubt.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my goals. Therefore I have zero tolerance for doubt. If you doubt me you will not have access to me. If I doubt myself I promise to recognize it and shut it down immediately until the doubt is no longer a part of my life.”
“Everyone needs to have their own measure of what ‘winning’ means to them.”
“Everyone has doubts and negative thoughts. It is , however, what you choose to do with those thoughts that matters.”
“She will leave you in a spellbinding trance And you will be grateful for it The magic that seems to surround her Is of a beauty that can blur”
“If the thrill of adventure is a turn on And you hold admiration for intelligence with zeal Then you may have found your swan In a Bosnian woman that helped you heal”
“Desire Comes and desire Goes Bringing both Highs and lows Desire Goes and desire Comes Bringing its promises of Unexpected Pain Bringing its promises of Glorified Gain”
“i’m made of magic and madness iron fist in a silk glove and when i can’t bear sadness that’s when i turn to love”
“The angry father yells To awaken a dreamer from her spell But she wasn't born to be tamed, so you see Her religion is passion that makes history And as sure as night will turn into day She will fight to find her way”
“Work hard enough and your dreams will become memories.”
“Out of failure came success!”
“Young women need to see examples of other successful female leaders to encourage them to pursue their dreams.”
“Carole Lombard made me believe that anything is possible if I just put my mind to it.”
“Personal happiness lies in knowing that life is not a checklist of acquisition or achievement. Your qualifications, your CV, are not your life, though you will meet many people of my age and older who confuse the two.”
“All the success of the world lies in the freedom of your soul and peace of your spirit.”
“I don’t get burnout or need work/life balance because I am living the out the life I dreamed. I am never tired, bored, or lost. This comes from being very specific about what you want and writing it down every day. I can work extremely long hours day after day and all I want to do is work more, because it is after all, exactly what I want.”
“As a teacher who was also a runner, becoming a coach of runners was a natural thing to do.”
“Working with young people and helping them succeed in this great sport were some of the best hours of my life.”
“Former Olympian distance runner Lynn Jennings shared that her best races were ones in which she wanted to quit halfway through. Why? Because she was out on the edge, pushing herself… The result was championship level performances.”
“…never settle for trying to be less than the best.”
“The athletes and coaches are the team, but the parents and families make it a program.”
“It is thrilling and humbling to realize the impact we coaches have on you, and I am so happy that it was a positive and joyous experience that we shared.”
“There is nothing quite like the feeling of accomplishment at the end of a hard workout or race.”
“I would rather fail than regret!”
“But it hurt, to realize what triumph can do to a man.”
“If it is Technology, Don't Give Up”
“Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.”
“It is your strength to endure pain over a long period of time and your subsequent response will lead to success over pain.”
“Discipline is a prerequisite of greatness. Nobody becomes great by accident.”
“To succeed, it is necessary to dream it.”
“It is only in the acknowledgement of what doesn’t work that we can create sufficient space to craft something that does. And arrogance is certain to become mired in defeat because it refuses to accept the former so that it might achieve the latter.”
“Conquer all your doubts with the conviction that your struggle will attract success.”
“The success of another Will not diminish our own We choose our seeds And how they are grown”
“If you want to be a big-picture thinker, you will have to go against the flow of the world. Society wants to keep people in boxes. Most people are married mentally to the status quo. They want what was, not what can be. They seek safety and simple answers. To think big-picture, you need to give yourself permission to go a different way, to break new ground, to find new worlds to conquer. And when your world does get bigger, you need to celebrate. Never forget there is more out there in the world than what you’ve experienced.”
“Strong wills control what most people call reality.”
“Little things don't make perfection but perfection is made out of little things.”
“Society, Relatives, Guilt, Haters, Fear, Ego: they are all stepping stones to succes. Don't ever give up and don't ever stop believing in yourself. Go Get Your Goals, Dreams, and Desires.”
“Society, Relatives, Guilt, Haters, Fear, Ego: they are all stepping stones to success. Don't ever give up and don't ever stop believing in yourself. Go Get Your Goals, Dreams, and Desires.”
“Every day, you can dress for smiles and success! Why hide your beauty when you are meant to shine and sparkle? It's your time to shine!”
“You attract good things into your life by believing that you can achieve them. Never get into a mindset that makes you think that you are not worthy of a goal. Visualize the goal in your mind. And believe that you are capable of achieving it.”
“Own your mistakes to own your achievements.”
“I am proud of my mistakes because they led to my achievements.”
“Always improving your habits and never reaching results is called “habiting.” I invented this term for all of us to rethink how we think about what gets us where and what keeps us stuck. Ever habiting is never inhabiting.”
“The moral I draw is the artist should seek his reward in the pleasure of his work and in the release of the burden of his thought; and, indifferent to aught else, care nothing for praise or censure, failure or success.”
“The route to success often has a pariah phase along the way.”
“It takes a lifetime to build a name, and yet one day is enough to flush it down the toilet.”
“Success is a tricky concept. It is very subjective. Success is nothing more than being exceptional at what you love. Others look at success as having the big houses and fancy cars. Are those people living high in the fat city life truly the successful ones? It’s all about perception as well. The greatest bartender or mechanic in the world isn’t going to be held in the same light as the worst stockbroker. The most spectacular sanitation worker doesn’t hold a candle to the dumbest fucking teacher out there. Obviously, there are jobs that hold a higher value in our society, it’s just odd that some don’t get paid like it. There will always be a hierarchy of professions and their usefulness on a functioning society. I just don’t believe one can base success solely on the amount of numbers in front of the decimal point.”
“Many good opportunities are ruined for the dream of slightly better ones. Would you have a more successful career if you had taken that other job or moved cities? Possibly. But your actual career will definitely suffer if you don't commit to doing it to the best of your ability. Would you be 10% happier in a different relationship? Maybe. Maybe not. But you'll definitely be unhappy in the one you have if you spend all day thinking about what else is out there. The surefire way to end up worse off is to agonize over unchosen options and fail to make the most of the one you selected. Every minute spent yearning for your unlived lives is a moment you can't invest in the one you actually have. Choices matter, but so does your level of commitment.”
“Inside every failure, there's a success struggling to come out.”
“Only the important things you achieve alone, with no help from anyone, are true success!”
“The road to success is paved with mistakes. * * * You don't have to be perfect to be your best. * * * Sometimes, failing your way to fabulous is the path to success. * * * "Turn failure into your friend!”
“Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a carpenter to build one.”
“It is extremely easy To get caught in the trap Of expecting good things To fall into our lap”
“The Burden of Success — Truly is a Heavy Load Lonely is the Path — Down this Distant Road Decisions that are Bold — Sometimes activate Emotions that run Cold Endurance of Will — Fuels Stamina running Uphill Do not for a Second Hold — That which may help you Unfold Cosmic Benevolence in Mold — Of a Soul that cannot be Sold”
“our collective psyche is not achieving its goal our hearts are as black as coal if only we could stop being clumsy progress would not seem so flimsy”
“Genocide and Gummy Bears have a tale to Tell They are both Armies, each under a different Spell One professes Love, the other Evil Gummy kindness will outsmart the Devil”
“I've always been a deep sea diver Played by my own rules in life Never understood all the hype Behind wanting to be a certain type”
“Every moment has a window of opportunity Sometimes we’re just too blind to see it But that doesn’t make it any less real Or less likely to become a valid truth”
“Money can reach you through many different ways at any moment in time. Money doesn’t have limits. Be receptive and keep your heart open to the many possibilities.”
“Much of the wisdom I have gained was gained through failure. I have failed an insane amount of times. And I've probably failed at everything it's possible to fail at. I've failed in every category of life - from family to money to business to marriage and more. I've had small failures, big failures, and even disastrous life-altering failures. I've even failed at some of the same things multiple times before I learned the lesson I needed to learn. I've had failures that cost me personally, failures that cost my family and friends, and even failures that cost a lot of people I never met. But with every failure, I gained new wisdom. And all of this failure has allowed me to cultivate success.”
“There is no shame in failure. Everybody who has ever lived has experienced failure throughout their life, whether they will be honest about that or not.”
“When you're humble, people tend to be more forgiving with your failures. I've learned to just be humble and keep my ego tamed. This gives me the freedom to live transparently without fearing what people will think about my failures.”
“Have you ever had a prophetic dream about my duck farm being as successful in the future as The Spicy Chicken Sandwich? No? Well, try harder! For better results, sleep longer.”
“What does a successful life look like? We all have our own deep-seated needs, so we each have to decide for ourselves what success is. I don’t care whether you want to be a master of the universe, a couch potato, or anything else—I really don’t. Some people want to change the world and others want to operate in simple harmony with it and savor life. Neither is better. Each of us needs to decide what we value most and choose the paths we take to achieve it.”
“Everyone has weaknesses. They are generally revealed in the patterns of mistakes they make. Knowing what your weaknesses are and staring hard at them is the first step on the path to success.”
“You can either fix it or you can get the help of others to deal with it well. There are two paths to success: 1) to have what you need yourself or 2) to get it from others. The second path requires you to have humility. Humility is as important, or even more important, as having the strengths yourself. Having both is best.”
“Rise or fall doesn’t matter, if you've helped a few people.”
“I can say confidently that the extra time we spent slowing down to uncover the necessary truths was ultimately a faster path to a large and successful business.”
“I don’t want to focus on the fact that you have fallen. Rather, I want to focus on the need for both of us to get up.”
“Failure is an option, not a fact.”
“English: "Be an active cause of success, no a consequence of someone's scorn." Česky: „Buď aktivní příčina úspěchu, ne důsledek cizího výsměchu.”
“I like to succeed in public, but to fail in secret.”
“every business is successful exactly to the extent that it does something others cannot”
“You're no more than an ant to me, and do you remember every one you step on?”
“To be a tremendous success, look for opportunity rather than security.”
“We knew that our minority students, a lot of them, were doing well,” says Richard Lempert, one of the authors of the Michigan study. “I think our expectation was that we would find a half- or two-thirds-full glass, that they had not done as well as the white students but nonetheless a lot were quite successful. But we were completely surprised. We found that they were doing every bit as well. There was no place we saw any serious discrepancy.”
“What Lempert is saying is that by the only measure that a law school really ought to care about — how well its graduates do in the real world — minority students aren’t less qualified. They’re just as successful as white students. And why? Because even though the academic credentials of minority students at Michigan aren’t as good as those of white students, the quality of students at the law school is high enough that they’re still above the threshold. They are smart enough. Knowledge of a law student’s test scores is of little help if you are faced with a classroom of clever law students.”
“Another practice that has given healthy pride a bad name is excessive praise for the smallest childhood success, from earning tokens in the classroom to the trophy glut at Little League. Many adults are turned off by this overpraise, sensing that the children are being done no favor. In fact, research has shown that many children overpraised for success end up becoming more cautious and less motivated than the kids who were praised only for their amount of effort, successful or not.”
“Life is infinitely great but your problems make it small for you”
“Salvation is as necessary as success.”
“There will always be naysayers, but instead of focusing on what they feel, do what you feel is right. I feel that strong self-belief is the first stepping stone towards success and achieving your dream.”
“But to succeed in a creative profession, you really need to love it. And if you love it and are great at it, and passionate about constantly becoming better at it, you will find success no matter what.”
“If the good works don't fit, perhaps you should try the bad ones and make something positive out of it.”
“can one dispute that the wiser a person is, the more effective and content and meaning-rich they will be? I would say not. It is more difficult to define and research wisdom than it is to theorize about it. As an illustration, take two identical race cars and put two very different drivers behind the wheels; the success each driver will enjoy more often than not, is directly related to their skill level – their proficiency. One can likewise think of a wise person as proficient at living life.”
“I want to write a story! That is what I said for years as I struggled. Everything changed once I learned how to structure a story. I finished the manuscript and was accepted by the first publisher I submitted to.”
“When we are making love, we are transmuting sensual energy into human experience, not only for pleasure but to stimulate creativity, wellbeing, and success in all areas of life.”
“Books are freedom and democracy, reading has always been key”
“The secret of a successful study is the courage to persistently concentrate to achieve the set aims.”
“To prosper and to be happy in this life, you have to enter into a Faustian contract with the Prince of Darkness. This is what I realized at last. But it was too late, you see. Even the Devil has a cut-off for age. And they blame these companies, corporations and educational institutes for not being accommodating enough.”
“It was not only okay to be my weird self, leading with my uniqueness might actually be the key to my success.”
“It has never been very easy for me to live, though I am always very happy—maybe because I want so much to be happy. I like so much to live and I hate the idea of dying one day. And then I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life, I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, and to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish  You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.”
“As you strive to be a better seller, you automatically become a better buyer. If we want to make the world a better place, being better buyers is important, too.”
“We all see the same thing but interpret it differently.”
“Language has such power over the human mind. If one learns to use language wisely, one would be successful in all one’s ventures.”
“The reason that success boosts confidence is that it changes your brain’s production and receptiveness to testosterone and dopamine—two chemicals that increase the impulse to try it again.”
“Don't prioritize your schedule, schedule your priorities.”
“As a role model salesperson who embodies everything in this book, you will be a catalyst for making every energy exchange in the world contain a powerful force of love.”
“Learn to learn. The way I see it, it's much more important to be a good learner, than to know it all.”
“The metaverse can bring many life changing applications into our daily lives that will benefit us. However, our digital lives becoming more important than our physical lives is not the sort of life any of us should want to lead.”
“Aimlessly working towards progression will not get you far.”
“Brain the most powerful weapons”
“Never lose your hope. Once upon a time you will be success”
“Success can't exist unless you have execution. Your work should show progress.”
“The quickest route to success is a straight line. A straight line in its purest form, is simple. We must activate the power of simplicity!”
“I sometimes describe conflict as dandelions. At first one pops up—maybe someone says something that rubs you the wrong way, and it’s not such a big deal. It’s a surface issue. No need to spray pesticides. Mow over it, and it’ll go away. Or better yet, ignore it. But then it goes to seed. That’s okay! The seeds are pretty, then they blow away, and your dandelion is gone. Except it isn’t gone; it’s just hiding. Until next spring, when you wake up and your entire yard is full of dandelions. In the book Have a Nice Conflict: How to Find Success and Satisfaction in the Most Unlikely Places, the authors point out that one of the biggest challenges is to learn how to manage a conflict when you’re already firmly entrenched in it.4 So, it’s better to deal with it before you’re firmly entrenched. The best way to get rid of dandelions is to pull out the roots when you first notice them. It’s the same with conflict, which is best resolved when you address it immediately, before it grows roots and spreads.”
“Think of many things. Do one.”
“If at first you don't succeed, congratulations welcome to life it is hard sometimes but also mostly okay.”
“Happiness is a child's dream fulfilled in maturity.”
“If it's not fun, it isn't a challenge.”
“The bat and the ball only matter because we stepped up to the plate.”
“He who has more money or possessions than you is not necessarily happier than you, happy more often than you, or happy like you.”
“When the efforts made to accomplish it are blinding, success is visible.”
“There is so much to study and so much to learn, but we also must apply what we learned to fully understand it. By just applying it, It becomes our experience embedded in our memories. It won’t be easy to forget it. Put Into practice everything you learn. To remember it forever.”
“Don’t die with your gift, but serve it to the world because that’s the reason God gave it to you.”
“Focus on God (Solution), not on what you are going through (problem).”
“Focus on finding the solution instead of complaining about the problem.”
“Don’t just dream, but take action to achieve those dreams.”
“Challenges will hit you unexpectedly and will tear you apart. But regardless of all that, pick up the pieces and move on with your life.”
“Take the time to train your mind.”
“Be the cactus, a proof of unsubmission, and blossom amidst the fiercest environment.”
“Rest tomorrow, or rest tomorrow? Winners and losers chose the same words, it's the difference in the meanings that makes the difference.”
“The best criterion for success is not to succeed, but to do your best to succeed!”
“You could get traction from someone, and someone else could get the traction from you. It all depends on what we are chasing.”
“There is a clear-cut trade-off between the level of customer service and profit-making intentions. It’s always our choice to choose one over the other.”
“I love my enemies; they teach me more than my friends do.”
“In a war between customers and the company, customers might lose the fight due to the difference of powers, but the company is the ultimate loser.”
“Your success is your responsibility, nobody else's.”
“Raise your power in silence, become a dynamite of resilience.”
“To disavow destiny is to write destiny.”
“Go after your dreams no matter how far they might seem today. Just start taking steps towards them and your dreams will be yours.”
“You are always one decision away from victory or defeat.”
“The frustration of the customer grows exponentially. It’s best resolved at the bottom of the curve.”
“Technological evolution is good. But that does not mean humans should stop evolving.”
“Evolution is relative, we can’t disintegrate our evolution with technology. Both need to evolve together.”
“When you start to see sales as a GOOD thing, you’ll find yourself being much more excited about the sales process in ways you never thought possible before.”
“People are also looking to buy from companies who have taken the time to explain the why of their existence.”
“When you come from love, you’ll do what it takes to make the sale, knowing that what you are offering is so much more than what you ask in return.”
“Helping good businesses learn how to sell with love allows them to grow, thrive, and become examples of what happens when you sell from such a powerful place.”
“Loving your client is not just an affirmation or a quote you can put up on a wall. It’s a dedication to actions, including understanding and listening.”
“The world needs you to have a profitably operational business to continue to deliver your impact, serve your client, and make the product.”
“The higher the profit, the more you can reinvest in the company to grow, make a bigger impact, and keep some abundance for yourself, too.”
“When you focus on the real value and the perceived value—as long as they are higher than the price—this is what matters to the client.”
“Your profit margin does nothing for the client. The guilt you might feel about your high profit margin is merely about you and will only make you resist selling.”
“Love takes time for love to grow. It’s with practice, experience, trial and error, exposure, and all the fun that comes with having faith in the process.”
“When you live abundantly and do your best in the world, you lift the tide for everyone else around you.”
“Holding yourself back from greatness in sales is a selfish act. It’s about choosing comfort over conversion.”
“Rushed” things don’t focus on the impact, the client, and the product. When we do this, it comes from a place of scarcity.”
“There is no reason to resist the ups and downs of life. Simply take a step back, be fascinated with the learning opportunities and great moments, and you’ll be more fulfilled as a result.”
“Every possession is an illusion because whatever comes in goes out one day.”
“Take it easy; success takes its own time to take shape. It can't be expedited by anxiety.”
“Anxiety can only expedite your stress, not your success.”
“When we feel more entitled towards good things happening in our lives, we feel less gratitude.”
“It's when you walk over others to get to the top, that you really find yourself back in the basement.”
“Possession is an illusion of capitalism. As humans, we don't possess anything; we simply consume and move on.”
“If you are not filled with positive energy, negativity will fill the vacuum.”
“Whatever exists in this universe will perish one day. That's the only truth.”
“Forget about the wealth; we don't even possess our anger, ego, fear, and frustrations forever. They, too, leave.”
“What can I do more to increase the chances of success and what can I do less to reduce the chances of failure?”
“When we start expecting more from ourselves and less from others, we open the doors for happiness.”
“A cup can only hold so much water. The planet can't go out of its orbital path, the sun can't move from its position, and possibly the universe, too, has its boundaries. Everything in this universe is restricted by its limitations. The only thing that can work in infinite dimensions is the human mind.”
“Some people are winners even after losing because they run for happiness, while others run for wealth, fame, success, praise, revenge, or greed.”
“When you look at the world through the lens of negativity, you will find that every person around is your enemy.”
“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. ~ Albert Einstein”
“When we embrace our most daring, seemingly unobtainable ambitions, we may find ourselves on a path of unremarkable success.”
“It's not about having more time, it's about maximizing the time you already have.”
“To be a good leader all that you have to do is remember what it was like to follow.”
“Our efforts do not owe us our desired outcomes.”
“Some people are unknowingly engaged in the pursuit of unhappiness.”
“The capacity to deny oneself gratification cannot be confused with the denial of gratification imposed on us. The masses do not know the difference and therefore never cultivate a will of their own. They are subject to the pressures of the outside world, its punishments and validations. They confuse their own needs with what others tell them to need, and their personality is nullified in the process. That's what it means to be a sheep. And yet this is not as obvious as it seems. It may mean to work from home in a warm country while your neighbors party in the swimming pool. It also means having an entire beach to yourself while they are at work. Both situations demand that you question your sanity and challenge your character as a person. The masses will never do that. They are too weak.”
“First, we complicate things by ignoring them, and when they become complex, we start avoiding them.”
“Gratitude is the power to connect with the cosmos and harness its energy.”
“Every person has a unique success equation. What's yours?”
“We are grounded, but the Earth is not. It’s hanging in the middle of the universe but still supports us.”
“Despite hanging in the middle of the galaxy, rotating and revolving all day and night, Earth is home to millions of creatures.”
“Fluidity is our ability to jump between two comfort zones without challenging our comforts.”
“Success = (Learn + Observe + Practice) x Share”
“We need comfort zones, but remaining static in a comfort zone is stagnancy.”
“success is not fatal, failure is not a easy road to walk down”
“Paint the canvas of your dreams with the blood of your sweat. You are the Picasso of your own life.”
“The most dementing of all modern sins: the inability to distinguish excellence from success.”
“Some people wake up in the morning and start gathering negativity, and then they distribute it to the people around them for the rest of the day.”
“If every moment is a pearl, are you a pearl gatherer or a crusher?”
“Every reality has multiple coordinates. The combination of these coordinates creates perceptions.”
“Have you ever tried to create a balance sheet of your energies? Positive energy is your asset and negative energy is your liability.”
“Creating a logbook of your energies helps to understand how much and what types of energy you give and receive from others and how much of it you capture and lose during the day.”
“Energy can never be created nor destroyed. It only changes its form. Our negative energy can transform into positive energy through positive thoughts and vice versa.”
“Check the polarity of your mind filters; they should be filtering in the positive energy and filtering out the negative energy.”
“We spend ten hours a day to earn comfort for six hours.”
“Your real investment for the future is not in banks but in your skills. How much are you investing in your new skills.?”
“Executing ideas is as simple as taking the first step.”
“Trigger a thought in your mind, thereafter, your mind will create continuity.”
“Change is painful because we are altering the old. Evolution is a pleasure because we are creating the new.”
“Complicating a system is an art; only fools can do it.”
“Success comes the way when u start ur day early.”
“Success" might just be doing your thing your way and having that be enough to feel content.”
“If you fail once or twice in something it is fine but if you fail in something a hundred times then you can become the only successful person in that thing in this world.”
“If you are constantly failing in something then it means that you are getting smarter for that thing every day than anyone else in this world.”
“You can't get rich with a poor mindset.”
“You're not growing because you're not connecting.”
“Determination and devotion for one thing will lead you to unimaginable success.”
“Banks are not there to park your money Banks are there to borrow money to build wealth.”
“You can't talk about mango without experiencing the taste of mango.”
“Those who do not understand the power of collaboration always struggle for growth.”
“I have failed more than a hundred times in different things in my life but the only reason I am successful is that I do not stop myself from trying one more time.”
“Devotion is very necessary to achieve something big, without complete dedication towards one thing no one has ever achieved anything big in their life.”
“It's okay if people reject you too many times not everyone deserves great opportunities and not everyone deserves to work with great people.”
“Once you imagine reality, your fantasy will become reality.”
“Success doesn’t just happen; it doesn’t pop out on its own. Success is all about the choices you make. It’s a balancing act between what to choose and what not to.”
“If wisdom is related to age, human wisdom is insignificant in the cosmic setup. Our universe is 13.8 billion years old.”
“A blessing we do not understand, or are not ready for, can be a curse.”
“Some of our successes, or possessions, have pushed some people into starting their own businesses … and some into ending their own lives.”
“One recipe to reduce unnecessary enemies in your life is to learn to celebrate other people's successes.”
“Failure has been the key ingredient to my success in sports and in life. Had I not known failure, I would have continued to accept “good enough.” I might be a mediocre lawyer or athlete. Instead, I’m a two-time CrossFit Games champion.”
“Success could mean different things to different people because success is perspective-based. Some people associate success with likes and followers on social media. They, too, are correct from their perspective.”
“We can't improve when we can't measure.”
“Success is about progress.”
“What dreamers can dream in 30 seconds, people take 30 years to achieve.”
“Don't hold back dreams. Instead, let the mind imagine the unrealistic and chase the impossible.”
“Allow your mind to dream the impossible.”
“The future is unpredictable, making it even more important to be prepared for it.”
“As technology progresses, the need for unlearning becomes as essential as learning.”
“Minimalism is the art of finding happiness in what you have and not what you desire.”
“Ordinary people will make sure that you too think ordinary.”
“How do you validate ideas whose links to the past do not exist?”
“At times our decisions land up in gaining irrelevance and losing significance.”
“Anxiety is our inability to gather enough patience within ourselves to act in the best interest of the long-term benefits.”
“Anxiety provokes us to choose short-term gains to compromise long-term benefits.”
“Show me a person who is consistent in his or her undertakings; I will show you somebody who is always on top in every aspect of life. I can guarantee that it will be the same person.”
“Between the walls of the known and unknown, there live the beliefs.”
“During your lifetime, you should work on at least one such dream project that is worth sacrificing every single comfort you earn or deserve to enjoy.”
“Rejoice your sacrifice more than you rejoice your achievements.”
“Everyone gets few chances in their lifetime to mess up their life. Sorted heads cruise through those muddy patches unaffected.”
“What drives your buying decisions - necessities, comforts, pleasures, status, or ego?”
“As human species, we divide and unite ourselves as per our needs and circumstances.”
“Self-centred people have relatively less common sense.”
“The emergence of success and recognition is hidden in years of hard working and pain submerged in obscurity; life is not designed to support overnight success.”
“That's success: being happy with your life.”
“You need to learn how to fall if you are to rise up again.”
“Do you want the good news or the bad news? Okay: the bad news first. There is no shortcut to success. The good news is, it's doable.”
“Successful people are successful because they never judge anyone even after knowing them completely.”
“It's not easy to find love and what comes easily is not love.”
“Not all successful people are spiritual but all spiritual people are successful.”
“The people who have closed their eyes and ears to the new opportunity are the people who are actually using their brain very little.”
“The fear of success and the fear of failure are not of God.”
“Failure is the prerequisite to success, not the elimination of it.”
“When you focus on solving the big problems of this world, you will eventually find big solutions for those problems.”
“Patience is a sign of progress.”
“Where you find the end is the real beginning.”
“Some people will never be highly successful not because of their lack of competence but because of the lack of welcoming new ideas and new people into their lives.”
“I can see that many people are working only nine hours for their existence, not because they can't do something big, but because they don't want to do something important in this world.”
“Everything is temporary here so don't make permanent statements about anything or anyone in this world.”
“Outbound in the sales always creates doubt in the mind of buyers even if you are selling diamond crown for free.”
“Having clarity about the destination makes the journey more beautiful.”
“Focus on one thing and be blind for everything else so that the whole world can see you shining.”
“Don't try to discuss your great idea with average people, you'll always be disappointed.”
“They might choose to look down on you and say you are nothing. It is their choice, don't join them and look down on yourself.”
“Don’t be afraid to ask for help.”
“Don’t be afraid to be the best that you are meant to be.”
“Develop and prepare yourself for what you want to achieve in life, because you expect to get it.”
“Sprint starts, sprint ends, and a lot gets changed in between! Once the sprint is over, you may not realize but one thing is for sure  You are not the same person who initiated last sprint, you grow with every sprint and that's what Agility is all about .So, not a good idea to count in years, the age of Agilist now you know what to count!, didn't you? By the way, an Agilist never gets old, he just becomes more Agile!”
“Behind every triumph there's a thousand tragedies.”
“We should install a proper guidance system in schools with a more refined emphasis on social behavior, and a more talent and/or interest based view of their careers. It would give the system and the people in it more stable, long-term results.”
“It’s not where you live your life; it’s how you live your life that matters more.”
“You can do anything if you put your mind into it”
“Our initial negativity comes from the outside, but it multiplies when it comes in contact with the negativity that already resides within our minds.”
“Some dangers are perceived as harmful; in reality, there are tons of opportunities hidden in them.”
“Our mind is wired to tag every unknown as dangerous, even new opportunities. Only by changing the perspectives, we can distinguish between dangers and opportunities?”
“The real potential of humans is in sharing and creating a mind cloud through a network of minds with different perspectives but radiating the same positive energy.”
“Your happiness is directly proportional to how much you enjoy what you have today.”
“Humans are full of emotions and the most difficult task for humans is to manage them.”
“Readiness is the recipe for success. How ready are you for the oncoming technological tsunami?”
“You will get what you will search for. Do you know what you are searching for?”
“Our interaction with different people will create different kinetic, potential and emotional energies. How much we gain or lose depends on whom we choose to interact with and what we discuss.”
“Happiness is a personal choice and a collective need.”
“Your dreams are your dreams and you do have every right to live them to their fullest. If your dreams are conflicting with someone else’s dreams and your relationship, there is always an opportunity to build bridges.”
“The only person you need to justify your actions to is you. If you are convinced about your dreams, you need no other endorsement. Justification is given only when there is an element of doubt and any doubt, whether yours or someone else’s, can jeopardize dreams and relationships.”
“Before we give up, we mess up. Sort yourself out to keep going.”
“We do not fail until we are trying. We fail once we give up.”
“Incremental success is irrelevant in the exponential world. Anything less than radical is meaningless.”
“The accuracy of our vision depends upon the cleanliness of the lens and its alignment with our eyesight. How clean and aligned are your lenses to see yourself?”
“As the sun sets, visibility decreases and uncertainty increases. Vehicles on the road slow down as they climb the mountain on a pitch dark road. However, evolution works the other way around. As the technology moves on a steep exponential curve, technological developments increase their pace despite the uncertainties.”
“The absolute truth is an illusion, in the game of evolution, even the truth is constantly evolving.”
“All of us lose every day in so many ways, there are no exceptions. Losing does not reflect our values but how gracefully we handle failure does.”
“Your positivity reflects in the smile of the person sitting next to you.”
“To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees.” B07L4N6BGV”
“Success is hidden in those insignificant changes on our desk, in our routines, habits and relationships which often go unnoticed year after year. Seemingly insignificant improvements lead to astonishing achievements.”
“The future depends on what decisions you make today.”
“Making a difference is all that counts. If there is no progress, we won't evolve and anything that doesn't evolve will eventually perish.”
“Change does not guarantee progress. Progress does not guarantee success. Success does not guarantee happiness. Despite no guarantee, we evolve, because that's an unstoppable event of nature.”
“Change is reversible but evolution is not.”
“As leaders, how prepared are you to handle the next phase of evolution?”
“As technology progresses, the amount of unlearning increases proportionally to the amount of learning.”
“Today, the role of a change leader is restricted to the management of incremental changes. What should be the new role of change leaders in an environment which is constantly multiplying its pace of progress?”
“Today, the change leaders are busy changing people without realizing that we are no longer chasing a deer, instead, we are being chased by a tiger. The game is no longer the same.”
“Change approaches can’t remain static in a dynamic environment.”
“Anchored ships do not sail.”
“The greatest winners were once losers”
“Success without failure is like joy without sadness. You cannot truly appreciate any win without hardship.”
“The mind is the only machine in the whole Universe that can produce its own fuel. Only humans can produce infinite emotional energy from mind-generated thoughts.”
“Success creates new problems; solving them creates still newer problems. Life, as they say, is a vale of tears.”
“Failure is not an obstacle; it's a necessity.”
“Don’t be afraid to fail because failure can be one of the best teachers you’ll ever have.”
“There are only two types of changes: anticipatory changes and follow-up changes. The former allows you to decide your own evolution path, the latter leaves you with the option to adapt or perish.”
“Fix the issue before it fixes you. Ignoring is not the solution.”
“I don’t mind making a mistake, unless it is the second time.”
“The personality of the leader penetrates into the company’s culture. Longer the leadership, the deeper the penetration.”
“Direction becomes important when standing at the crossway. Walking in random directions will not lead to the destination.”
“Thinking about negative situations that are yet to transpire drains our emotional energy.”
“Taking the decision is relatively easy, but taking responsibility for our decisions calls for bravery.”
“Every problem has multiple solutions and each solution has its own side effects. Neutralizing the side effects is an important element of the decision making process.”
“The toughest situations in life are not the ones where you face the most difficult challenges, it is when you lose the hope to tackle them.”
“If you have imaginary ants in your mind, you will see them in your food as well.”
“If you produce negative thoughts, you create a life full of junk.”
“Your success lies into your thought process.”
“If you're opening a tool, and it doesn't open easy, change the way you open it otherwise you'll break it. If requires force, you're doing it wrong. Strong models are built on technique not force.”
“Leadership is the most important element in crafting a company's culture.”
“By doing more of what is right, you will reduce the chances of doing anything wrong.”
“Arrogance is the reflection of protection and privileges.”
“Prestige, status, reputation…are all fears of the affluent. A rich man can do anything to protect his prestige. He can buy the world’s most expensive car to bolster his status. Fear certainly sells and it sells on a premium.”
“Everything loses relevance in the rapidly changing world, including time.”
“Confusion is a state of mind when a person is not clear about his priorities.”
“Being inefficient is not a compulsion, it is a conscious choice.”
“There is no end to greed. The top is an illusion. Wealth is a moving target. We need to realize that we are following infinity.”
“Fear is like salt, we must know when to use it and in what quantity.”
“What's behind your confidence - skills or arrogance?”
“The only way to slow down your aging process is to keep learning.”
“Readiness is the recipe for conquering change.”
“Don't let your problems overpower you. Let them empower you.”
“Again, we are reminded that life is precious… fleeting. Let’s endeavor to live this amazing life to the fullest. Let’s have the courage to pursue our dreams…To unapologetically cultivate a personal environment conducive to our growth, by nourishing healthy relationships and starving the toxic ones. Let’s laugh at the little nonsense that used to anger us and let go of the grudges that used to weigh us down. Let’s help each other. Let’s show our unquestionable love to the special people in our lives. Let’s squeeze this experience for all it’s worth. We are so blessed to be here, NOW… Let's not throw away another day of this beautiful precious life.”
“Beliefs that are aligned with truths usually bring happiness, and vice versa.”
“Life is not always fair but be sure to suffuse it with smiles because life is more unfair to sad people.”
“Discipline is a habit in a fluid state. Fluidity allows the habit to adjust to changing circumstances.”
“Wolves chased chimpanzees and evolved into dogs while chimpanzees chased dreams and evolved into humans. The outcome depends on what you choose to chase.”
“The best way to come out of our comfort zone is not to create one.”
“The change will happen in all circumstances, either with us or without us.”
“Confession of a bankrupt company’s CEO - "I saw the change coming, and then I ignored it.”
“In the river of evolution, even stones flow, and rocks get eroded.”
“In every generation, people resist new ideas. What are you resisting today?”
“Business is not about hard negotiations. It's about mutually exploring a point of intersection where both parties find their objectives meeting.”
“Commitment is a function of capabilities and intentions.”
“Commitment =ƒ(Capabilities x Intentions)”
“It's very easy to trigger someone's anger: just enter his domain and start offering him unsolicited advice.”
“Two dots on a graph can be identical, but they still have different coordinates.”
“Habits can be good as well as bad. Even good habits can turn bad as the dimension of time changes.”
“[…] if people are highly successful in their professions, they lose their senses. Sight goes. They have no time to look at pictures. Sound goes. They have no time to listen to music. Speech goes. They have no time for conversation. They lose their sense of proportion – the relations between one thing and another. Humanity goes. Money making becomes so important that they must work by night as well as by day. Health goes. And so competitive do they become that they will not share their work with others though they have more than they can do themselves. What then remains of a human being who has lost sight, and sound, and sense of proportion? Only a cripple in a cave.”
“Most intelligent people fail and succeed because of their desire to achieve something greater than their intelligence.”
“Discipline is a culmination of the habits which keep adjusting with time.”
“Every organization has a different evolution path because their settings and scenarios are different from that of their competitors’.”
“Every trend line is an illusion of the future and every illusion shatters one day.”
“The evolution path is an extrapolation of available scenarios. Once the scenarios change, the evolution path also needs to change.”
“If you don’t fear getting obsolete, you are likely to face obsolescence sooner.”
“It’s the knowledge that gets evolved from the truth. When we try to evolve truth from knowledge, we create multiple versions of the truth called perspectives.”
“Desires can be misleading. When we derive our actions from our desires, we land up in the middle of the desert lost and thirsty.”
“Everything is a part of a process in this universe. Failure too is part of the process called success.”
“Time is neither the past nor the future. It's the present moment that disappears in a microsecond. It is a spark that only exists for a moment. Are we capturing sparks or their ashes?”
“Interacting with different people will produce different energies even when discussing the exact same topic. (A x B = Y, A x D= Z The energy produced is different when we replace person B with D)”
“Only humans have the privilege to create magic out of our dreams and hopes.”
“Dogs descended from wolves and humans from chimpanzees. The difference is that wolves aimed for food, while chimpanzees desired much more. So, even when living together, they evolved differently.”
“Most intelligent people fail because of their lack of desire to achieve something by using their intelligence.”
“Consistency, Perseverance, Patience and Passion are the four pillars of success.”
“To achieve something big in this world gather your energy and throw it forcefully in only one right direction.”
“Whatever you do, you have to sell something everyday.”
“The secret of achieving something in life is to take a stand on what you believe. Unless you take a stand for yourself things will standstill no matter what.”
“Build great relationships with people by giving them joyful experiences so that you can live a joyful life with those great people.”
“It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.”
“A burning desire to make your dreams come true can create possibilities to make your impossible dreams possible.”
“Planning is good but planning is just an illusion when you are not working on your plan.”
“The key to succeeding in anything in life is the ability to go from challenge to challenge, setback to setback, bad day to bad day, hardship to hardship, and failure to failure without punishing yourself or losing your enthusiasm to keep going.”
“Your startup is your dream which you have been waiting for many years so give your best at any cost.”
“Stress is a part of life and getting rid of stress is an art of life.”
“If you don't work on your dreams no one else will work on your dreams.”
“Successful people are those who always choose good and right people.”
“Hope and continuous effort can turn your failures into success.”
“Develop a mind bank of positive images and thoughts – family, friends, previous successes, favourite places, a big plate of chips.”
“Once you decide to do something with a burning desire for success you have already achieved your success.”
“If you decide to achieve anything with clear vision and confidence, then no one can stop you to achieve it in this world.”
“Struggle time is the best time of any entrepreneur's life because that moment of happiness and sadness is a deadly combination which gives an absolutely unique feeling to be successful in future.”
“The greatest test you will ever face is mastering yourself.”
“Life is uncertain; make a few things certain!' These things are: 1. Financial Stability 2. Values Adherence 3. Inner Happiness 4. Peace of Mind”
“If you have anything to offer, I'm always ready to listen.”
“The moment you say no, you lose.”
“The moment you say no to any opportunity without listening, you lose all chances of winning.”
“Start working on your dreams Before anyone else starts working on your dreams.”
“Your future and success depend upon many things, but mostly they depend upon you. You have the responsibility to shape your life. You are the person who pushes yourself forward or holds yourself back. The power to succeed or fail is yours alone.”
“kNOw Sacrifice kNOw Success”
“Nothing happens by overthinking; then why stress? Is it too hard to sit down and relax?”
“I was 40 years old before I became an overnight success, and I'd been publishing for 20 years.”
“What people don’t see is that behind most every talented person who has become a massive success is a daily schedule of grind, hours of suck, and a whole string of difficult, lonely moments working on the tiny details that will get them where they want to go.”
“True success is exiting some rat race to modulate one’s activities for peace of mind”
“I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.”
“Judgment is the wise sage within us — the adult part that can help guide us away from what is toxic for us, and toward what will help us heal, grow, and succeed.”
“True success is exiting some rat race to modulate one’s activities for peace of mind”
“A man asks his friend for a ride in his Porsche. The friend replies my car only has two seats. The man says well there are only two of us. The friend replies yes, but if I fill the seat with you I can not fill it with possibilities. The man says what if I am the possibility. The friend replies if you were the type of possibility I am looking for I would be asking to ride with you.”
“What is success? Is it winning a race, or is it having a really strong relationship with a partner, or seeing our daughter laugh with happiness? Is it achieving something in my career? Is it achieving balance? Is it getting 8 hours sleep? I’m slowly working out what success is for me, because previously it was winning a race. I’m trying to see success through a slightly different lens rather than always see it through satisfying my competitive streak and position in a race. Success and happiness aren’t one and the same. What’s important to me right now is the pursuit of happiness.”
“I have not failed 10,000 times. I have not failed once. I have succeeded in proving that those 10,000 ways will not work. When I have eliminated the ways that will not work, I will find the way that will work.”
“Innovation comes by the way of a thousand failures”
“People who are motivated away from things often experience a lot of pain and worry before they’re motivated to act.”
“In a study that examined clothing and athletic performance, researchers found that athletes who wore red clothing in the 2004 Olympic Games won more events than those athletes who wore blue.”
“Researchers investigated people who exercised, and found that those who wore red had higher average heart rates and could lift heavier weights, indicating they were working harder than those wearing blue. While both groups reported similar rates of exertion, those wearing red clothing had better performance.”
“The color red is known to have expansive energy. Consider the famous Target logo with its red target symbol, as well as McDonald’s for its widespread usage of red in its signage, restaurants, packaging, and clownish icon. In fact, many top brands globally use only the color red in its name and logo, including Coca-Cola, Oracle, Honda, H&M, and Budweiser.”
“Another study verifies that we go into resonance with the energy of what we wear. In a study published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, researchers gave doctor’s lab coats to subjects who were not doctors and asked the subjects to perform a series of complex tasks. Those wearing the doctor’s white lab coats made significantly fewer mistakes than the subjects wearing their street clothes.47 This seem to imply that the energy of doctors was transferred to the volunteers.”
“In another surprising study published in 2010 in the journal Psychological Science, researchers Ernest Abel and Michael Kruger of Wayne State University examined vintage photos of 230 major league baseball players from the 1952 season, comparing the lifespans of the 184 players who had already died. Of the players’ photos in the baseball cards, 40% showed no smile, 42% showed a partial smile, and 18% had a full smile. Those players who had no smiles lived an average of 72.9 years, while those with partial smiles had a lifespan of 75 years. However, those with big authentic grins lived to be 79.9 years on average, approximately 10% longer than those who did not smile in their photographs. The researchers could not confirm whether any of the players were prompted by the photographer to smile for their photos or if they smiled spontaneously. At the same time, the data seems to suggest that distributed images of smiling people result in a longer, happier life. So smile in your photos!”
“Do you want to make more money and increase your attractive mojo? In a 2012 study published in the Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Research, waitresses who wore red received 15 to 26% more in tips from male customers. In a different study, when women wore a red t-shirt, it increased a female hitchhiker’s chances of getting a ride.”
“McDonald’s has toned down its bright yellow motif and radically expanded its color scheme when it announced in early 2016 that “the new look is simple, fresh, and consistent with the company’s vision to be a modern and progressive burger company.” Interestingly, it was about that time when the company decided to substitute its signature red and yellow colors that its sales began to substantially decline.”
“Other studies reveal that when we wear black, aggression increases and that feels powerful. Researchers examined the statistics of more than 52,000 National Hockey League games and discovered that teams were penalized 10.2% more for aggression when wearing their black uniforms. In hockey, teams usually have two colors of jerseys and switch them for home and away games. When the teams wore a different color other than black, their penalties dropped overall.”
“Another study showed that since 1940, the color of NCAA uniforms for teams who won was rarely black, where red was the top color for winning teams. Not only is black the color that leads to loss, it is the leading color that can result in aggression and depression — a loss in grounding and joy that is critical to true success and inner wealth.”
“Scientists from Plymouth University and Durham University found that red also boosted the football players’ confidence, where the 68 top English teams from 1946 to 2013 won more games than they lost when they wore this winning color. Famed golf star Tiger Woods, who has won many games and golf championships wearing a red shirt, missed the cut at the May 2019 PGA Championship. Unsurprisingly, he was wearing a black shirt that day.”
“Creativity creates creativity”
“People will become billionaire faster than current billionaire after entering the metaverse world.”
“Mistakes are revolutionary tools that open up new portals of achievement”
“The words you use in your communication will determine the chances of your next meeting with the person.”
“People should focus on becoming more knowledgeable and disciplined rather than earning degrees.”
“Schools and colleges are for the pursuit of knowledge, not for earning a degree.”
“It's not the degree that matters, it's the knowledge that matters in the end.”
“Your failure of schools and colleges does not define your future.”
“Fearless people always achieve limitless success.”
“Have a strong desire for something you truly believe in.”
“Good people always have great intentions.”
“Because they can be lost, things such as success and fame—unlike things such as intelligence and wisdom—are accompanied by anxiety.”
“People love to attribute success to hard work, and that’s a huge part of it. Most things don’t happen by accident and are the product of effort. But so much relies on good timing, whether that’s being in the right place at any given moment, being uniquely positioned for an opportunity, or just connecting with another person at the exact right time for them, in their lives, too.”
“No Love Without Tears (The Sonnet) There is no love without tears. There is no diversity without difference. There is no revolution without smears. There's no justice without inconvenience. There is no development without flaws. There is no dignity without disrespect. There is no learning without falling. There is no heart without heartbreak. There is no path without the thorns. There is no pedestrian without weariness. There is no dream without the hardship. There's no determination without doubtfulness. Only those who have felt excruciating pain, Can help others without expecting any gain.”
“Intelligent people speak less and speak only when needed.”
“No matter what situation you are in in your life, if you have a great vision to achieve your dreams, you will achieve your dream in any circumstance.”
“No dreams are beyond building.”
“Education gave me a chance to reinvent the world.”
“Some of our problems got into our lives through some of our successes, and/or some of our attempts to achieve success.”
“Don’t give up. For the greatest successes of all are those where the utter brutality of the battle has pressed us to give up, but we have refused to give in. For that itself is the success without which nothing is successful.”
“The most successful athletes are self-motivated. “The most important thing is to love your sport,” said Peggy Fleming, the former Olympic figure-skating champion. “Never do it to please someone else—it has to be yours. That is all that will justify the hard work needed to achieve success.”
“When President Trump was elected, I predicted that he would either be a fantastic success or an abysmal failure, unfortunately it was the latter.”
“Great failures are only ‘great’ if we refuse to see the seeds for our greatest successes liberally planted within them. For then, failure is success that simply needs some water.”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank. Measure your success through the stillness of your mind”
“This process is all about structural integrity. And, whether your life thrives or collapses is all down to how sound your foundation is.”
“Vegetables are defined, by the comfort they crave, Humans are defined, by the obstacles they brave.”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank. Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“Don't measure your success through the money that you have accumulated. Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank or through the followers that you have Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“Learning from your mistakes does not happen automatically, it requires thinking and reflection.”
“What is an expert other than someone whose made enough mistakes to understand how something doesn’t work so that they finally have a decent idea of how it does?”
“Life is simple; we make it complicated.”
“If you will understand that you are capable of doing anything in this world then you will never be disappointed with your failure.”
“The world runs on emotions and fear.”
“People only buy people so if you can win someone's trust you can win their everything.”
“Your actions and discipline will define your future.”
“If you have strong faith in your vision then get ready to fail a million times to reach your destination.”
“Your story is really inspirational you just need to be successful to inspire people all over the world.”
“A peaceful life is not always a perfect life.”
“If it's your dream to become something very important, do anything to achieve it.”
“To become the most successful person, focus on one thing and keep working on that one thing throughout your life.”
“Watching the sunrise every morning is a blessing.”
“Timing is everything, if you wait for the right time, time will leave you at the same place.”
“Autumn had lulled the garden to sleep. And its stilled slumber rested in the fact that the garden possessed no concern regarding the demands of the spring ahead as it drew peace from the harvest born of the summer past.”
“Happiness that was pursued comes greatly diluted by the pursuit.”
“They have optimism and confidence. Because they are optimistic and confident, they react to setbacks not by getting discouraged and giving up, but with persistence. Their attitude is, “I’m not playing well right now, but when I put it all together [or our team puts it all together], I’ll really be something. I can beat anybody.” Because they persist, they get better. Because they get better, they experience success. And that success reinforces their optimism, their confidence, and their respect for their own talent. That’s the virtuous circle.”
“Fall, fall and fall again, to fall without stopping is rising.”
“Live life not to win or lose, but to realize a purpose.”
“Nobody knows exactly what it takes to succeed. It takes whatever it takes depending on who it's taking from.”
“Keep going. Be patient. No one achieves anything without dedication and determination. If you are thrown by every negative, disappointing thing that happens, you won’t get anywhere. The most successful people, in any field, have one-pointed focus. They do not get side-tracked and they do not give up.”
“Keep giving. Don’t stop planting. Whatever grows, then great. Whatever dies, take little notice. If you plant enough, then the things that die or are stunted pale into insignificance next to everything else which has flourished. Use failures and flops as learning devices. Keep moving forwards. Keep investing yourself, your money, your time, and everything else you have to offer. Trust your own destiny, but don’t imagine that your destiny will destine on its own. Without you and your effort, your destiny won’t lift a finger.”
“What do you stand for? Define your principles and allow them to serve as benchmarks as you reach toward success.”
“Waiting, waiting, waiting for things to suddenly turn our way is futile. We mustn’t waste our lives (or diminish our sense of self-respect and industry) waiting for someone else to feed us our dinner.”
“Sonnet of Life Lessons Rich is not the one who's got a lot of dough, But one whose touch make others forget their woe. Happy is not the one who's always chasing pleasure, But one who forgets all pleasure helping another grow. Success is not about getting recognition, Success is about achieving excellence beyond norm. Achievement is not when you reach a certain goal, But when your goal lifts others beyond your home. Destiny is not a script written by a superman, But one you write yourself with your labor and sweat. Sanctity is not what priests sell you at the church, But how you behave with others outside the church gate. Nobody can give you lessons of life packed in a few lines. If you know to help another, your heart knows all the lines.”
“Most people fail because of their surroundings and the people they choose to be around in their lives.”
“One life is enough to experience life to the fullest.”
“If you will not follow your action plan, then your actions will not give you the desired results.”
“When you have a choice, take your time and make the right choice because if you make the wrong choice, you will have no choice.”
“The story begins with your actions.”
“a perfect balance between body, mind and soul leads to a path that goes towards success”
“Knowledge Sharing Platform for Sustainable Growth & Business Success”
“I began a new career studying the psychology of stress and the psychology of success. My mission was to learn all I could about playing under pressure. I wanted to find out why, under pressure, some athletes break through, as Hamilton did, while others break down.”
“Proverbially, Success has many fathers but failure is often an orphan.”
“We kept nearly bumping into each other, unavoidably. I wished we could stop avoiding each other long enough to agree to avoid each other properly.”
“People who know how the world works and people who know how to work the world are generally on the opposite ends of the success spectrum.”
“The most powerful predictor of self-efficacy is “mastery experience,” a posh way of saying “actually being successful.” Successfully doing something, even if just once, has a tremendous effect on your self-efficacy. The reason that success boosts confidence is that it changes your brain’s production and receptiveness to testosterone and dopamine—two chemicals that increase the impulse to try it again.”
“Sometimes it is not that we can’t have the desires of our hearts, but often the problem is that we are doing nothing to have them. We desire but don’t take action to have those desires.”
“Failing at what you love doing isnt failure”
“the proof of our belief is not our circumstances but our actions”
“Handcrafted Humanity Sonnet 7 Give, give and give again, To give without reserve is living. Fall, fall and fall again, To fall without stopping is rising. Break, break and break again, To break without bending is integrity. Lose, lose and lose again, To lose without submitting is victory. Love, love and love again, To love despite being fooled is sanity. Help, help and help again, To help despite being deceived is humanity. To give is to live, that is the civilized normal. Kindness alone sets the human apart from animal.”
“Always stand for your identity. Once you stand for your identity, the whole world will recognize you and follow you. Enough of colonialism and its after affects. India is leap frogging into 21st century with its own identity, in spite of 250 years of colonialism.”
“Your frequent failures are the result of your persistent bad habits and undisciplined life.”
“I don't play safe because I'm not immortal.”
“Individuals who achieve durable, frequent success are optimists. They shake off their doubts and know in their heads and in their hearts that in the long run, they are going to be successful, they’re going to have great careers, everything will fall into place, and wonderful things will happen to them.”
“If you know how to sell you can survive.”
“You are a life and you can become whatever you decide it is just a matter of time and decision.”
“Unrealistic dreams can lead you to incredible success.”
“Stay focused and use every moment of your life to achieve your goals.”
“Never try to do business with your friends and family.”
“If you want to be successful and you want to achieve this success in a charismatic way, 'discipline' is the most admirable tool in this regard!”
“People can become rich by loving money but people can become billionaires and legends by not loving money.”
“It's fun to lose money as an entrepreneur.”
“The most common reason why startups fail is that they don't start.”
“We are so fortunate that we have everything to achieve everything.”
“If you really want to know how you can build a successful company, go and see how workers are building homes in your town.”
“Success to me is giving full effort knowing that was the best I was capable of. That said, full effort means nothing if day-to-day preparation was not all I had. Success to me is giving everything I have into each and every day, each and every moment; training, recovery, family, friends, giving back, inspiring, loving what I do. Then, come game time, give full effort, knowing I am the best I am capable of becoming.”
“One who loses a million times in life definitely wins once.”
“I want you to have success and still have time for family and friends and relaxation and fun. I want you to be there for your kids, they need you. I want you to have a happy relationship with a partner who wants the same things you do.”
“When you understand the value of time you will realise what you have lost in this world.”
“Those who are willing to take uncalculated risks are those who achieve immense success.”
“I have chosen entrepreneurship over music, singing, acting and art because there is hustle everywhere but that hustle is for your own achievements, only entrepreneurship is something where you try to make other people successful.”
“Those who do not know the value of freedom or who think that something is more important than their freedom, they commit crimes.”
“Social and Spiritual Entrepreneurship is the Future of Entrepreneurship.”
“If you think you have entrepreneurial mindset then you should quit your job and start hiring people for your startup.”
“Today is the day you can take a risk, tomorrow may be the day you are at risk.”
“This confidence may come from their parents. When they encounter a tough problem or a tough course, they plug away at it. They persevere. Their confidence makes a major contribution to their success.”
“Nobody has ever been super successful by walking alone.”
“Every morning brings hope and every night brings results.”
“Understanding why you got success or failure is more important than any success or failure.”
“Any God-given gift we have been blessed with is public property in the sense that we have been given it for the good of all. This saves us from many an ego-trip. It guarantees the purity of the gift. It ensures the success of our endeavours.”
“No one will appreciate your words so make your words your world.”
“The essence of boredom is to be found in the obsessive search for novelty. Satisfaction lies in mindful repetition, the discovery of endless richness in subtle variations on familiar themes.”
“Who cares?”
“Success in life is peace of mind, the feeling of having no regrets. It comes from knowing you did your best.”
“If you are not getting success in your life then you are not disciplined enough”
“Money can buy a lot of things maybe even “happiness” to a certain degree. Yet, how you’re paid designs your lifestyle. If things go wrong at work, your home may have your back. BUT when things go wrong at home, your work does not have your back. Remember that.”
“Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly. Don't wait for calm waters that may not arrive. Derive purpose from resilience. Learn to sail the raging sea.”
“You can achieve anything with spirituality”
“Responsibilities are what keep you focused and disciplined”
“The most important thing in life is how and for what you use your time”
“Every idea is just a thought before it turns into reality”
“Most people don't understand people who ask for help to make something important in this world”
“If you have an idea to make something that can make this world wonderful then just do it regardless of your problems”
“Influencers and content creators are the millionaires of the future”
“I'm not here to be something you want me to be, I'm here to be something that I want to be”
“Invent some absolutely crazy thing in this world with your madness”
“Your failures are your assets, make sure you remember it when you fail and especially when you are trying to succeed”
“If you want to add immense amount of values to this world then you can do it only through spirituality”
“Ambitious people never care about competition”
“Strong collaboration and healthy competition will make you a winner faster than ever”
“When you become a mystery, you are on your way to making history”
“The Upside of Your Dark Side: Why Being Your Whole Self--Not Just Your "Good" Self--Drives Success and Fulfillment”
“If you keep your eyes open and brain empty while interacting with the people who are offering you opportunities then you probably won't deny any opportunity.”
“Potato is still a potato but with time this world has changed so make sure you are not a potato.”
“If you really want to invest in something today in 2021, start investing in NFTs, Crypto, Metaverse and Domains, this are hidden treasure and is going to go mainstream soon”
“I strongly recommend all young entrepreneurs to invest in NFTs”
“If you really want to be successful in digital asset business, think about the practical use of that digital asset before investing in it.”
“People are buying and selling NFTs today and 99% of people in this world are not aware of this billion dollar market and this opportunity is really a once in a century opportunity.”
“People who can't handle failures or can't live like ashes, they choose wrong path in their life.”
“If you fail a hundred times you will see that you are more successful than most of the people in this world.”
“If you have a great product and you don't know how to market it, you don't have a product.”
“Fear kills many dreams”
“No matter how apart you think your life has fallen, pick up the pieces and move on. Life goes on.”
“Never give up or quit no matter how hard and challenging the journey is.”
“If you want to fly high, go round the ground first”
“Folding your arms, feeling sorry for yourself, and complaining, will not help you. ACT, because Action Changes Things.”
“Yesterday's unsuccessful people who never give up are successful today”
“People manipulate things everyday to earn money, respect or attention”
“We do fall in life and not necessarily because we are stupid, but simply because to know that you can stand up, you have to fall.”
“If you can attract the right people with clarity and confidence then nothing can stop you from being successful”
“When you're an investor, patience is everything”
“Invest something everyday so that you can cultivate everything someday”
“Healthy life is an asset that will give you few extra hours to achieve your goals”
“Try to create something that is not humanly possible”
“Never expect anyone's help for anything in your life, do your job and the right people will join you at the right time to add values to your vision”
“Start your journey with your first step and people will follow in your footsteps”
“Fight for the things you deserve”
“Have some deep goals in your life so that they inspire you to wake up every morning”
“If you have at least one person to support and inspire you in any good and bad situation of your life then no one can stop you from being successful”
“He who doesn't like to lose often wins here”
“When you envision what you want to achieve, the things you've imagined move toward you to achieve you”
“Life is beyond everything you can imagine and act”
“There is no building in my town that can be built in a day”
“Magic is always within you, don't try to find magicians, be magicians”
“Success is about taking the right action at the right time”
“Opportunity is a destiny which is always given by human beings on this planet and if you are still waiting for some magic to happen where God will come and guide you where to go to succeed then you have a mindset of failures”
“Flip something everyday to survive and invest something everyday to grow”
“Time is limited and everything else is unlimited, achieving the unlimited in the limited is the real success”
“If you are not pushing yourself everyday to do some extra work then you will not get success on your expected time”
“When people show more they always have less”
“Stop chasing people and start doing what you are capable of doing in this world and let them be your followers instead of friends and partners”
“My journey doesn't end until I win, so make sure you're either with me or in hell”
“Sometimes you feel that you are losing everything and nothing is working as per your expectations and this is the time when you need to understand that somewhere someone is working for your dreams and soon everything will be better”
“When your thoughts and intentions are extremely positive towards your dreams, you will attract the powerful energy that will help you achieve your dreams”
“Every century offers some great opportunities to build a new world”
“Being a customer centric company is an essential part of your company's growth”
“When your company leader is bad, only then your competitors are doing well”
“Concentrate on your goals until you become highly successful and financially free, because after being successful your life will work as per your thoughts and expectations”
“The people who are here to dominate this world are the people who want to make this world the most beautiful place to live or the worst place to live”
“Prove yourself if you really want to prove yourself”
“If you are not willing to take any possible risk to achieve your dreams then you are not made for your dreams”
“Focus on your goals until your goal becomes your reality”
“Promise less and deliver more”
“If you are not working for your dreams today, make sure you are working for something better than your dreams”
“Focus on your skills and strengths and your problems and challenges will disappear”
“Collaboration and partnership are all based on trust, if you can win the trust of a person then you can have them as a partner to invest in anything”
“Becoming big in this world is the hardest journey which is not for everyone”
“If you are a big dreamer then you will face so many challenges in your life which you have never imagined”
“Visionaries don't focus on festivals and weekends, they focus on achievements and goals”
“If you can't grind for your dreams, you don't deserve fruit”
“Never settle for less, if you keep working for your dreams you will get what you deserve”
“If you can think and imagine the future, you can create the future”
“If you think you are investing your money at the right place, never hold back and be assured”
“Technology is the heart of any successful business”
“If you know how to utilise the power of Internet you can reach every single human being on this planet”
“Becoming financial free should be your first and foremost goal when you are starting your career”
“When you dwell within the land of the dead it stands to reason you'll end up smelling of decay. You are who you're around.”
“You're a failure until you succeed”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“Clarity of mind and confidence in face are the qualities of the most successful people in this world”
“Stop holding yourself back with excuses and doubt. You can do it.”
“If you're not hungry enough to die, no one will come to feed you”
“You can't be big without taking big risks”
“If you know how to make money you know something most people don't know”
“Focus on what you want and work on that thing every second until you achieve that thing”
“People in this world are always ready to invest in you, not on your idea, so make sure you are a successful business, not just your idea”
“Staying focused and disciplined is a rare quality of being successful”
“When people ignore you for working with you, they are ignoring things they don't like in you, improve it before you go to someone else to work with you”
“You can become president of the country or the poor man of the country choice is always yours”
“You have to see your dreams very clearly in front of your eyes before your dreams come true”
“People who are ambitious and goal-oriented are the people who are found alone in the world”
“Self-doubt is a disease and has no medicine”
“If you lose today, try tomorrow, if you lose tomorrow, try one more time, try again and again till you win because that is the only way to win big in your life”
“If people don't understand your vision then you should understand their vision and move towards your dreams”
“If your intention is to uplift the people around you, you will always find people around you who are willing to uplift you”
“Everything in life is risky, life itself is a risk, so if you are not taking enough risks in your life your life will become too risky”
“Losing is always about learning not giving up”
“Everything in life is collaboration, if you learn this one skill you will grow consistently in your life”
“If you have nothing to share, share your humanity”
“Successful people use adversity to grow and thrive.”
“Adversity Quotient author Paul Stoltz compares success with a mountain. Only climbers get to the top. The campers, those who get part of the way up and decide to stay where they are, will never feel as alive or as proud as the climbers. As the philosopher said, it takes courage to grow up and to achieve your full potential.”
“Becoming selfless and philanthropist is a process, not an overnight journey”
“Practicality is the most beautiful thing in this world because with practical mindset you will always move ahead”
“If you don't care about your customers today, your customers won't care about your company tomorrow”
“If you really want to see the power of the customer, just give them a bad experience”
“If you want to improve your company's sales, improve your company's support”
“Bad customer support can kill your company overnight”
“If you want to improve your company's sales, improve your company's support”
“If you are not good at providing good customer support then you are not good for anything in the business world”
“Customer is not just king Customer is everything to your business you are nothing without customer”
“In fact without the customer you are not a company but just another word in the dictionary”
“Your dreams are free but the hustle is sold separately.”
“Everyone should have something in their life that when it comes alive, you lose track of time.”
“We attack and DOMINATE in all areas of our lives consistently. We lead by example and understand that preparation is the key to our success.”
“Success is possible and achievable.”
“With sufficient competence, there's no need of flattery”
“At a point in my life where achieving goals are not options but a necessity. Where dreams are fulfilled by working hard. Where mistakes I've made and challenges I've come across are a story to empower others. Where the choices I currently make is for my best interest. Where my circle has become smaller and includes only persons who can build me and I can do the same for them. Where success is priority and life is worth living with God being my guide.”
“The age or background of a leader must never be a determining factor for success or failure in leadership. A leader’s impact is what matters the most.”
“The success of any leadership is best judged by how they improve service provision and access to basic services.”
“You want to play the game of life but wish that there should be no opposition, no obstacles, no challenges. How's that possible?”
“Undestination (The Sonnet) I gave up my country in your love, I gave up my home for your sweetness. I stand at your door without identity, Will you take me in and fill my emptiness! I've sailed my ship towards undestination, Let the waves take me where they may. Embracing the unknown I became a pal of all. Come out my friend from your cage of dismay. Come with me, and we'll explore all impossibility. If we must be awful let's be awful together. Let us lose all maps and walk around as vagrants. Why worry, when we have each other! To hell with destination, let us savor the journey! Before success and achievement, let us first have unity.”
“To conclude, if God gives you success, use it humbly and far from revenge. If He restores you upon hard conditions, whatever you promise, keep. --- Charles I's final letter to his son, Charles, Prince of Wales, 1649”
“Nowhere in your life were you told that life will be a smooth journey with no obstacles on it, as such don’t expect it to be.”
“If you can dream it, surely you can achieve it, provided you don’t allow anything to stop you.”
“It doesn't matter you can fulfill your dream or not but dream as big as you want.”
“Dreams do come true. No matter what happens between where you are and where you want to be in life, no matter what you will face along the way, dreams do come true.”
“I hate comparisons, because people never compare fairly. People never count the struggle, hard work, sacrifice .When comparing. They only count what is good for them. They only count success, benefits and celebration.”
“If I’ve granted myself a wide margin of error, I’m probably going to have a slim chance of success.”
“Life may only knock once, but death will knock repeatedly on your door.”
“Life isn't the challenge. We are!”
“When they encounter a tough problem or a tough course, they plug away at it. They persevere. Their confidence makes a major contribution to their success.”
“Your comfort zone is a dead-end, where you cannot make progress or achievement; be that as it may, new beginnings are ahead of comfort zones.”
“It's not HARD as you think, you just need to TRY it to REALIZE that.”
“You must always be prepared. Most opportunities do not schedule appointments.”
“You must always be prepared. Most opportunities do not schedule appointments.”
“Dreams do come true, vision can be made reality, success is possible and achievable.”
“Failure is not the end; it is part of the journey. Don’t let it stop you from reaching your destination.”
“You are an overcomer who can overcome whatever comes your way. Stop doubting yourself.”
“Sometimes the shortest journey that you envisioned or planned can take longer than you thought.”
“What good will it do for you to give up on your dreams and in life? Will it improve that situation you are in or worsen it?”
“Focus and don’t allow anything to shift your focus on your dreams and the life you desire to live. Challenges will be there, but don’t allow them to shift your focus.”
“You have only one life to live - Make It Count!”
“There is a price to pay for success, there is also a price to pay for failure. The question is, what price are you willing to pay?”
“You don’t earn a first-class in your final year, you start the process of earning it from your first year.”
“Always push yourself to give beyond your best. Because sometimes, your best might not be good enough.”
“To Achieve Success, you must be comfortable doing the things you like and also be willing to do the things you don’t like.”
“In life, we always rise or fall to the standards we set for ourselves - Set high standards”
“You must always be prepared. Opportunities do not schedule appointments”
“There is always enough time to get things right the first time”
“Obedience is mother to success and is wedded to safety.”
“Love has the biggest strength and everyone needs strength to get success.”
“You can't achieve success by avoiding struggle”
“If you never fail short term, you'll never succeed long term.”
“Making popcorn is a reminder of the very valuable fact that very similar people who are given the very same opportunity in the very same environment at the very same time will not succeed or mature at the very same time, if they will manage to succeed or mature.”
“An idea has more potential than any theory, plan or quantity of knowledge. You should never underestimate your dreams and the ideas that form around them. But more importantly, you shouldn't waste any time making them a reality. Others may not agree with your ideas, they may not trust your ideas, and they may even think that it is foolish to follow your dreams, but they don't have to trust something they can't see. Each person is gifted with the dreams that match the soul attracting them and according to the nature of the spiritual path in which one is found, therefore any dream you have is within your reach, and may never be within the reach or the beliefs of others, not even when you fulfill them. When people don't trust your capacities to achieve something, they will also rationalize reasons and excuses after you demonstrate your intent and potential. If you are poor, they may say you can't be rich, and once you are rich, they will try to dissuade you from what you do, with insinuations, insults, and threats. The most common question a rich person is asked, is if he is paying taxes. It is foolish to try to explain anything to those people. I've seen it my entire life, because I have succeeded in many areas where everyone told me I would never succeed. Once you win, they downgrade your achievements with ridiculous theories, or they will simply call you lucky. You can't win in an argument with a fool, because fools are very creative in their own art of denying the being of others. They see the world as they see themselves, as just objects, empty vessels, reflections of the illusions of the outside world. In martial arts, if you beat taller and stronger opponents, they don't say you are a better fighter. They will select one of your movements or techniques as the cause, and then dissociate you from the movement or technique, and say that you won because you cheat in the fighting rules. In music, if you succeed against the best in the world, people won't say you are better than them, but dissociate you from your music and say that you got awarded because you are different in a strange way, or because you competed in a special moment. If you succeed as a writer, people won't say you are a good writer, but instead dissociate you from your books, and say that you invent things and have a big imagination, which is a covert way of calling you a "good liar", thus insulting you under the pretense of giving compliments, or they will say that you stole the knowledge from others, in order to morally place themselves above you and your work, and they may even say that you have a special trick, like taking knowledge from the air, from some imaginary records in the ether, or from demonic spirits. People say different things when dissociating you from your potential, work and achievements, all of which are simply various forms of disrespecting someone. They deny you of your potential to be yourself. And among the various forms of disrespect, making one feel guilty for being himself is probably the worse, reason why you'll find the most disgusting people of them all inside religious organizations. "God won't like it", "You have a problem with your ego", and "The devil is tempting you", are among the most common and imbecile things you will ever hear as an artist, as a person who loves to read and acquire knowledge, and above anything, as a true spiritual being thriving in self-development and a natural curiosity for life. For all these reasons, the requirements and the real theories for success will never be found in any popular book. Nobody wants to know that you only win when you stop burning yourself to make others warm. And when you understand this, people will dissociate you from your focus and discipline, and call you selfish, and they will call the person who guided you in this path of real success evil. They will then do their best to destroy the reputation of both of you to deny their own fault , ignorance and lies.”
“In life, we always rise or fall to the standards we set for ourselves - Set high standards.”
“You must always be prepared. Opportunities do not schedule appointments.”
“It’s not so much that a person wins, but that they refuse to lose that results in success.”
“We are successful if, having been in the world, we have created more than we have destroyed.”
“Many students fail examinations not because they don't know anything but because they lack confidence to prove that they know anything or everything.”
“Even a brilliant idea can fail, if not implemented well.”
“Don't reinvent the wheel, just steer it in a new direction.”
“Success has one cause: hard work. Failure has a thousand.”
“Failure is only a detour. Attachment to our failures shows that we do not understand or we neglect the law of transition. Life is a journey all we experience takes us to the end; they aren't ends in themselves.”
“Business is a cooperation between different persons.”
“Success always depends on the ability to assist for the benefits of everyone.”
“Limitation yield to discipline.”
“Only you can change you, you are the reason to be who you are”
“Someone has well said, ' Success is a journey, not a destination.' Happiness is to be found along the way, not at the end of the road, for then the journey is over and it is too late. Today, this hour, this minute is the day, the hour, the minute for each of us to sense the fact that life is good, with all of its trials and troubles, and perhaps more interesting because of them.”
“I've come to the conclusion that true success is living by your values.”
“Consistency is the x to every y.”
