“Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”
“I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo. "So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”
“There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying.”
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
“Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.”
“It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.”
“It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.”
“Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“How did it get so late so soon?”
“Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.”
“Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.”
“For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.”
“You can have it all. Just not all at once.”
“Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. ”
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
“They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite”
“Time is the longest distance between two places.”
“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.”
“They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!”
“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”
“I sit beside the fire and think Of all that I have seen Of meadow flowers and butterflies In summers that have been Of yellow leaves and gossamer In autumns that there were With morning mist and silver sun And wind upon my hair I sit beside the fire and think Of how the world will be When winter comes without a spring That I shall ever see For still there are so many things That I have never seen In every wood in every spring There is a different green I sit beside the fire and think Of people long ago And people that will see a world That I shall never know But all the while I sit and think Of times there were before I listen for returning feet And voices at the door”
“Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.”
“This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.”
“Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.”
“Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.”
“Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.”
“It's hard being left behind. ( ) It's hard to be the one who stays.”
“Time is an illusion.”
“It's being here now that's important. There's no past and there's no future. Time is a very misleading thing. All there is ever, is the now. We can gain experience from the past, but we can't relive it; and we can hope for the future, but we don't know if there is one.”
“The past is never dead. It's not even past.”
“You may delay, but time will not.”
“The timeless in you is aware of life's timelessness. And knows that yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.”
“Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity.”
“Time is a game played beautifully by children.”
“There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want.”
“Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time.”
“It’s dark now and I am very tired. I love you, always. Time is nothing.”
“My past is everything I failed to be.”
“The strongest of all warriors are these two — Time and Patience.”
“Sometimes I feel like if you just watch things, just sit still and let the world exist in front of you - sometimes I swear that just for a second time freezes and the world pauses in its tilt. Just for a second. And if you somehow found a way to live in that second, then you would live forever.”
“How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?”
“It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.”
“One day spent with someone you love can change everything.”
“Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.”
“Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.”
“Time is what we want most,but what we use worst.”
“The future is uncertain but the end is always near.”
“Spring passes and one remembers one's innocence. Summer passes and one remembers one's exuberance. Autumn passes and one remembers one's reverence. Winter passes and one remembers one's perseverance.”
“For a while" is a phrase whose length can't be measured.At least by the person who's waiting.”
“I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.”
“A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.”
“As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.”
“There are memories that time does not erase  Forever does not make loss forgettable, only bearable.”
“Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.”
“I'm not much but I'm all I have.”
“Time can be a greedy thing-sometimes it steals the details for itself.”
“All photographs are memento mori. To take a photograph is to participate in another person’s (or thing’s) mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time’s relentless melt.”
“Time is a slippery thing: lose hold of it once, and its string might sail out of your hands forever.”
“There are moments when I wish I could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but I have the feeling that if I did, the joy would be gone as well.”
“The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.”
“Time doesn't take away from friendship, nor does separation.”
“There should be a statute of limitation on grief. A rulebook that says it is all right to wake up crying, but only for a month. That after 42 days you will no longer turn with your heart racing, certain you have heard her call out your name. That there will be no fine imposed if you feel the need to clean out her desk; take down her artwork from the refrigerator; turn over a school portrait as you pass - if only because it cuts you fresh again to see it. That it's okay to measure the time she has been gone, the way we once measured her birthdays.”
“Time isn’t precious at all, because it is an illusion. What you perceive as precious is not time but the one point that is out of time: the Now. That is precious indeed. The more you are focused on time—past and future—the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is.”
“Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.”
“And therein lies the whole of man's plight. Human time does not turn in a circle; it runs ahead in a straight line. That is why man cannot be happy: happiness is the longing for repetition.”
“Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.”
“The future came and went in the mildly discouraging way that futures do.”
“The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.”
“Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
“It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy;—it is disposition alone. Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other, and seven days are more than enough for others.”
“The three rules of the Librarians of Time and Space are: 1) Silence; 2) Books must be returned no later than the last date shown; and 3) Do not interfere with the nature of causality.”
“She wanted none of those days to end, and it was always with disappointment that she watched the darkness stride forward. ”
“There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.”
“Lost Time is never found again.”
“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”
“Time spent with a cat is never wasted.”
“…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you. Some people might find that strange. But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.”
“Odysseus inclines his head. "True. But fame is a strange thing. Some men gain glory after they die, while others fade. What is admired in one generation is abhorred in another." He spread his broad hands. "We cannot say who will survive the holocaust of memory. Who knows?" He smiles. "Perhaps one day even I will be famous. Perhaps more famous than you.”
“The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ, Moves on: nor all thy Piety nor Wit Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line, Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.”
“I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.”
“There will be time, there will be time To prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet.”
“It starts so young, and I'm angry about that. The garbage we're taught. About love, about what's "romantic." Look at so many of the so-called romantic figures in books and movies. Do we ever stop and think how many of them would cause serious and drastic unhappiness after The End? Why are sick and dangerous personality types so often shown a passionate and tragic and something to be longed for when those are the very ones you should run for your life from? Think about it. Heathcliff. Romeo. Don Juan. Jay Gatsby. Rochester. Mr. Darcy. From the rigid control freak in The Sound of Music to all the bad boys some woman goes running to the airport to catch in the last minute of every romantic comedy. She should let him leave. Your time is so valuable, and look at these guys--depressive and moody and violent and immature and self-centered. And what about the big daddy of them all, Prince Charming? What was his secret life? We dont know anything about him, other then he looks good and comes to the rescue.”
“Never waste a minute thinking about people you don't like.”
“There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time.”
“Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.”
“Only time can heal your broken heart. Just as only time can heal his broken arms and legs.”
“Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.”
“The time will come when diligent research over long periods will bring to light things which now lie hidden. A single lifetime, even though entirely devoted to the sky, would not be enough for the investigation of so vast a subject  And so this knowledge will be unfolded only through long successive ages. There will come a time when our descendants will be amazed that we did not know things that are so plain to them  Many discoveries are reserved for ages still to come, when memory of us will have been effaced.”
“Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs. I am haunted by waters.”
“The future starts today, not tomorrow.”
“It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much.   The life we receive is not short but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.”
“We are living in a culture entirely hypnotized by the illusion of time, in which the so-called present moment is felt as nothing but an infintesimal hairline between an all-powerfully causative past and an absorbingly important future. We have no present. Our consciousness is almost completely preoccupied with memory and expectation. We do not realize that there never was, is, nor will be any other experience than present experience. We are therefore out of touch with reality. We confuse the world as talked about, described, and measured with the world which actually is. We are sick with a fascination for the useful tools of names and numbers, of symbols, signs, conceptions and ideas.”
“Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.”
“It is looking at things for a long time that ripens you and gives you a deeper meaning.”
“Clocks slay time  time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.”
“I give you this to take with you: Nothing remains as it was. If you know this, you can begin again, with pure joy in the uprooting.”
“Fantasy, if it's really convincing, can't become dated, for the simple reason that it represents a flight into a dimension that lies beyond the reach of time.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“Punctuality is the thief of time”
“The Universe is very, very big. It also loves a paradox. For example, it has some extremely strict rules. Rule number one: Nothing lasts forever. Not you or your family or your house or your planet or the sun. It is an absolute rule. Therefore when someone says that their love will never die, it means that their love is not real, for everything that is real dies. Rule number two: Everything lasts forever.”
“The chief beauty about time is that you cannot waste it in advance. The next year, the next day, the next hour are lying ready for you, as perfect, as unspoiled, as if you had never wasted or misapplied a single moment in all your life. You can turn over a new leaf every hour if you choose.”
“I always felt like I was meant to have been born in another era, another time.”
“You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.”
“You need to make time for your family no matter what happens in your life”
“Time's the thief of memory”
“With endless time, nothing is special. With no loss or sacrifice, we can’t appreciate what we have”
“There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara”
“Inelegantly, and without my consent, time passed.”
“Five minutes are enough to dream a whole life, that is how relative time is.”
“Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.”
“Have you also learned that secret from the river; that there is no such thing as time?" That the river is everywhere at the same time, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the current, in the ocean and in the mountains, everywhere and that the present only exists for it, not the shadow of the past nor the shadow of the future.”
“Everything takes time. Bees have to move very fast to stay still.”
“Time will explain.”
“But if you come at just any time, I shall never know at what hour my heart is to be ready to greet you.”
“But the you who you are tonight is the same you I was in love with yesterday, the same you I’ll be in love with tomorrow.”
“the tired sunsets and the tired people - it takes a lifetime to die and no time at all.”
“August rain: the best of the summer gone, and the new fall not yet born. The odd uneven time.”
“I'm afraid of time  I mean, I'm afraid of not having enough time. Not enough time to understand people, how they really are, or to be understood myself. I'm afraid of the quick judgements or mistakes everybody makes. You can't fix them without time. I'm afraid of seeing snapshots, not movies.”
“The past is a ghost, the future a dream and all we ever have is now.”
“The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.”
“Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.”
“I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.”
“Time that withers you will wither me. We will fall like ripe fruit and roll down the grass together. Dear friend, let me lie beside you watching the clouds until the earth covers us and we are gone.”
“Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.”
“I confess I do not believe in time. I like to fold my magic carpet, after use, in such a way as to superimpose one part of the pattern upon another. Let visitors trip. And the highest enjoyment of timelessness in a landscape selected at random is when I stand among rare butterflies and their food plants. This is ecstasy, and behind the ecstasy is something else, which is hard to explain. It is like a momentary vacuum into which rushes all that I love. A sense of oneness with sun and stone. A thrill of gratitude to whom it may concern to the contrapuntal genius of human fate or to tender ghosts humoring a lucky mortal.”
“Time moves slowly, but passes quickly.”
“This life therefore is not righteousness, but growth in righteousness, not health, but healing, not being but becoming, not rest but exercise. We are not yet what we shall be, but we are growing toward it, the process is not yet finished, but it is going on, this is not the end, but it is the road. All does not yet gleam in glory, but all is being purified.”
“I'd like to get away from earth awhile And then come back to it and begin over. May no fate wilfully misunderstand me And half grant what I wish and snatch me away Not to return. Earth's the right place for love: I don't know where it's likely to go better.”
“Eternity is in love with the productions of time.”
“The best things are never arrived at in haste. God is in no hurry; His plans are never rushed.”
“Time is a gift, given to you, given to give you the time you need, the time you need to have the time of your life. ”
“An infinity of passion can be contained in one minute, like a crowd in a small space.”
“For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity.”
“Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the two.”
“When you are measuring life, you are not living it.”
“The writer's curse is that even in solitude, no matter its duration, he never grows lonely or bored.”
“It's such a shame to waste time. We always think we have so much of it.”
“Time and I have quarrelled. All hours are midnight now. I had a clock and a watch, but I destroyed them both. I could not bear the way they mocked me.”
“Time goes faster the more hollow it is. Lives with no meaning go straight past you, like trains that don’t stop at your station.”
“Anyone who isn't embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn't learning enough.”
“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.”
“The role played by time at the beginning of the universe is, I believe, the final key to removing the need for a Grand Designer, and revealing how the universe created itself. … Time itself must come to a stop. You can’t get to a time before the big bang, because there was no time before the big bang. We have finally found something that does not have a cause because there was no time for a cause to exist in. For me this means there is no possibility of a creator because there is no time for a creator to have existed. Since time itself began at the moment of the Big Bang, it was an event that could not have been caused or created by anyone or anything. … So when people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the Big Bang, so there is no time for God to make the universe in. It’s like asking for directions to the edge of the Earth. The Earth is a sphere. It does not have an edge, so looking for it is a futile exercise.”
“Where your attention goes, your time goes”
“I wanted to go on sitting there, not talking, not listening to the others, keeping the moment precious for all time, because we were peaceful all of us, we were content and drowsy even as the bee who droned above our heads. In a little while it would be different, there would come tomorrow, and the next day and another year. And we would be changed perhaps, never sitting quite like this again. Some of us would go away, or suffer, or die, the future stretched away in front of us, unknown, unseen, not perhaps what we wanted, not what we planned. This moment was safe though, this could not be touched. Here we sat together, Maxim and I, hand-in-hand, and the past and the future mattered not at all. This was secure, this funny little fragment of time he would never remember, never think about again…For them it was just after lunch, quarter-past-three on a haphazard afternoon, like any hour, like any day. They did not want to hold it close, imprisoned and secure, as I did. They were not afraid.”
“But I was young and didn’t know better and someone should have told me to capture every second every kiss & every night Because now I’m sitting here alone and it’s getting really hard to breath because tears are growing in my throat and they want to break out, but there are people watching and I just want to be somewhere silent somewhere still But still I don’t want to be alone because I’m scared and lonely and I don’t understand Because I was alone my whole life My whole life I was so damn lonely and I was content with that because I liked myself and my own company and I didn’t need anyone I thought But then there was you ..   So, someone should have told me that love is for those few brave who can handle the unbearable emptiness, the unbearable guilt and lack of oneself, Because I lost myself to someone I love and I might get myself back one day but it will take time, it will take time. This is gonna take some time. I wish someone would have told me this. Someone should have told me this.”
“Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life.”
“Time heals all wounds. But not this one. Not yet.”
“We’re running out of time, he said. As if time were the kind of thing you could run out of, as if it were measured into bowls that were handed to us at birth and if we ate too much or too fast or right before jumping into the water then our time would be lost, wasted, already spent. But time is beyond our finite comprehension. It’s endless, it exists outside of us; we cannot run out of it or lose track of it or find a way to hold on to it. Time goes on even when we do not.”
“Thirty years ago my older brother, who was ten years old at the time, was trying to get a report written on birds that he'd had three months to write, which was due the next day. We were out at our family cabin in Bolinas, and he was at the kitchen table close to tears, surrounded by binder paper and pencils and unopened books about birds, immobilized by the hugeness of the task ahead. Then my father sat down beside him put his arm around my brother's shoulder, and said, "Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.”
“L'éternité, c'est long   surtout vers la fin.”
“Real museums are places where Time is transformed into Space.”
“A man is the sum of his misfortunes. One day you'd think misfortune would get tired but then time is your misfortune”
“Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.”
“The main problem with this great obsession for saving time is very simple: you can't save time. You can only spend it. But you can spend it wisely or foolishly.”
“Time management is about life management.”
“Time has no meaning, Love will endure..”
“Months are different in college, especially freshman year. Too much happens. Every freshman month equals six regular months—they're like dog months.”
“If you imagine the 4,500-bilion-odd years of Earth's history compressed into a normal earthly day, then life begins very early, about 4 A.M., with the rise of the first simple, single-celled organisms, but then advances no further for the next sixteen hours. Not until almost 8:30 in the evening, with the day five-sixths over, has Earth anything to show the universe but a restless skin of microbes. Then, finally, the first sea plants appear, followed twenty minutes later by the first jellyfish and the enigmatic Ediacaran fauna first seen by Reginald Sprigg in Australia. At 9:04 P.M. trilobites swim onto the scene, followed more or less immediately by the shapely creatures of the Burgess Shale. Just before 10 P.M. plants begin to pop up on the land. Soon after, with less than two hours left in the day, the first land creatures follow. Thanks to ten minutes or so of balmy weather, by 10:24 the Earth is covered in the great carboniferous forests whose residues give us all our coal, and the first winged insects are evident. Dinosaurs plod onto the scene just before 11 P.M. and hold sway for about three-quarters of an hour. At twenty-one minutes to midnight they vanish and the age of mammals begins. Humans emerge one minute and seventeen seconds before midnight. The whole of our recorded history, on this scale, would be no more than a few seconds, a single human lifetime barely an instant. Throughout this greatly speeded-up day continents slide about and bang together at a clip that seems positively reckless. Mountains rise and melt away, ocean basins come and go, ice sheets advance and withdraw. And throughout the whole, about three times every minute, somewhere on the planet there is a flash-bulb pop of light marking the impact of a Manson-sized meteor or one even larger. It's a wonder that anything at all can survive in such a pummeled and unsettled environment. In fact, not many things do for long.”
“How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.”
“Life has a way of going in circles. Ideally, it would be a straight path forward––we'd always know where we were going, we'd always be able to move on and leave everything else behind. There would be nothing but the present and the future. Instead, we always find ourselves where we started. When we try to move ahead, we end up taking a step back. We carry everything with us, the weight exhausting us until we want to collapse and give up. We forget things we try to remember. We remember things we'd rather forget. The most frightening thing about memory is that it leaves no choice. It has mastered an incomprehensible art of forgetting. It erases, it smudges, it fills in blank spaces with details that don't exist. But however we remember it––or choose to remember it––the past is the foundation that holds our lives in place. Without its support, we'd have nothing for guidance. We spend so much time focused on what lies ahead, when what has fallen behind is just as important. What defines us isn't where we're going, but where we've been. Although there are places and people we will never see again, and although we move on and let them go, they remain a part of who we are. There are things that will never change, things we will carry along with us always. But as we venture into the murky future, we must find our strength by learning to leave things behind.”
“Time doesn’t heal all wounds. We both know that’s bullshit; it comes from people who have nothing comforting or original to say.”
“If you have the woman you love, what more do you need? Well, besides an alibi for the time of her husband’s murder. ”
“People never seemed to notice that, by saving time, they were losing something else. No one cared to admit that life was becoming ever poorer, bleaker and more monotonous. The ones who felt this most keenly were the children, because no one had time for them any more. But time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart. And the more people saved, the less they had.”
“Casting aside other things, hold to the precious few; and besides bear in mind that every man lives only the present, which is an indivisible point, and that all the rest of his life is either past or is uncertain. Brief is man's life and small the nook of the earth where he lives; brief, too, is the longest posthumous fame, buoyed only by a succession of poor human beings who will very soon die and who know little of themselves, much less of someone who died long ago.”
“I wasted time, and now doth time waste me; For now hath time made me his numbering clock: My thoughts are minutes; and with sighs they jar Their watches on unto mine eyes, the outward watch, Whereto my finger, like a dial's point, Is pointing still, in cleansing them from tears. Now sir, the sound that tells what hour it is Are clamorous groans, which strike upon my heart, Which is the bell: so sighs and tears and groans Show minutes, times, and hours.”
“Nothing endures but change.”
“You never know beforehand what people are capable of, you have to wait, give it time, it's time that rules, time is our gambling partner on the other side of the table and it holds all the cards of the deck in its hand, we have to guess the winning cards of life, our lives.”
“A revolution is not a bed of roses. A revolution is a struggle between the future and the past.”
“Time is the most valuable thing that a man can spend.”
“Do not whine  Do not complain. Work harder. Spend more time alone.”
“It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains  If only one could leave this life slowly!”
“The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne.”
“Time, as far as my father was concerned, was a gift you gave to other people.”
“And meanwhile time goes about its immemorial work of making everyone look and feel like shit.”
“The first step to the knowledge of the wonder and mystery of life is the recognition of the monstrous nature of the earthly human realm as well as its glory, the realization that this is just how it is and that it cannot and will not be changed. Those who think they know how the universe could have been had they created it, without pain, without sorrow, without time, without death, are unfit for illumination.”
“I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.”
“Time expands, then contracts, all in tune with the stirrings of the heart.”
“Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.”
“The best use of life is love. The best expression of love is time. The best time to love is now.”
“Tell me, he said, "What is this thing about time? Why is it better to be late than early? People are always saying, we must wait, we must wait. what are they waiting for?" "Well […] I guess people wait in order to make sure of what they feel." "And when you have waited—-has it made you sure?”
“Sometimes the things that are felt the most are expressed between two souls over the distance and over time where no words abide. And others may speak freely, live with one another freely, express themselves freely– just like everyone else, but then there is you  you have no words for proof of reassurance, no tokens of professed love, but you have something. Something worth keeping.”
“If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you'll spend your life completely wasting your time. You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don't like doing, which is stupid.”
“I am almost a hundred years old; waiting for the end, and thinking about the beginning. There are things I need to tell you, but would you listen if I told you how quickly time passes? I know you are unable to imagine this. Nevertheless, I can tell you that you will awake someday to find that your life has rushed by at a speed at once impossible and cruel. The most intense moments will seem to have occurred only yesterday and nothing will have erased the pain and pleasure, the impossible intensity of love and its dog-leaping happiness, the bleak blackness of passions unrequited, or unexpressed, or unresolved.”
“You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject  Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)  this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire. The gesture of the amorous embrace seems to fulfill, for a time, the subject's dream of total union with the loved being: The longing for consummation with the other  In this moment, everything is suspended: time, law, prohibition: nothing is exhausted, nothing is wanted: all desires are abolished, for they seem definitively fulfilled  A moment of affirmation; for a certain time, though a finite one, a deranged interval, something has been successful: I have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction).”
“Another glorious Sierra day in which one seems to be dissolved and absorbed and sent pulsing onward we know not where. Life seems neither long nor short, and we take no more heed to save time or make haste than do the trees and stars. This is true freedom, a good practical sort of immortality.”
“Time moves in one direction, memory another. We are that strange species that constructs artifacts intended to counter the natural flow of forgetting.”
“Time present and time past Are both perhaps present in time future And time future contained in time past.”
“They'll say you are bad or perhaps you are mad or at least you should stay undercover. Your mind must be bare if you would dare to think you can love more than one lover.”
“There’s a kind of time travel in letters, isn’t there? I imagine you laughing at my small joke; I imagine you groaning; I imagine you throwing my words away. Do I have you still? Do I address empty air and the flies that will eat this carcass? You could leave me for five years, you could return never—and I have to write the rest of this not knowing.”
“You become. It takes a long time. That’s why it doesn’t happen often to people who break easily, or have sharp edges, or who have to be carefully kept. Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in your joints and very shabby. But these things don’t matter at all, because once you are Real you can’t be ugly, except to people who don’t understand.”
“Grief   gives life a permanently provisional feeling. It doesn't seem worth starting anything. I can't settle down. I yawn, I fidget, I smoke too much. Up till this I always had too little time. Now there is nothing but time. Almost pure time, empty successiveness.”
“I lied and said I was busy. I was busy; but not in a way most people understand. I was busy taking deeper breaths. I was busy silencing irrational thoughts. I was busy calming a racing heart. I was busy telling myself I am okay. Sometimes, this is my busy - and I will not apologize for it.”
“Aside from velcro, time is the most mysterious substance in the universe. You can't see it or touch it, yet a plumber can charge you upwards of seventy-five dollars per hour for it, without necessarily fixing anything.”
“I do not particularly like the word 'work.' Human beings are the only animals who have to work, and I think that is the most ridiculous thing in the world. Other animals make their livings by living, but people work like crazy, thinking that they have to in order to stay alive. The bigger the job, the greater the challenge, the more wonderful they think it is. It would be good to give up that way of thinking and live an easy, comfortable life with plenty of free time. I think that the way animals live in the tropics, stepping outside in the morning and evening to see if there is something to eat, and taking a long nap in the afternoon, must be a wonderful life. For human beings, a life of such simplicity would be possible if one worked to produce directly his daily necessities. In such a life, work is not work as people generally think of it, but simply doing what needs to be done.”
“Nostalgia is a necessary thing, I believe, and a way for all of us to find peace in that which we have accomplished, or even failed to accomplish. At the same time, if nostalgia precipitates actions to return to that fabled, rosy-painted time, particularly in one who believes his life to be a failure, then it is an empty thing, doomed to produce nothing but frustration and an even greater sense of failure.”
“I'll come and make love to you at five o'clock. If I'm late start without me.”
“Were all the geniuses of history to focus on this single theme, they could never fully express their bafflement at the darkness of the human mind. No person would give up even an inch of their estate, and the slightest dispute with a neighbor can mean hell to pay; yet we easily let others encroach on our lives—worse, we often pave the way for those who will take it over. No person hands out their money to passersby, but to how many do each of us hand out our lives! We’re tight-fisted with property and money, yet think too little of wasting time, the one thing about which we should all be the toughest misers.”
“Time is more precious than gold, more precious than diamonds, more precious than oil or any valuable treasures. It is time that we do not have enough of; it is time that causes the war within our hearts, and so we must spend it wisely.”
“Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.”
“You can find something truly important in an ordinary minute.”
“Time’s a goon, right? You gonna let that goon push you around?” Scotty shook his head. “The goon won.”
“We are all migrants through time.”
“History isn't the lies of the victors, as I once glibly assured Old Joe Hunt; I know that now. It's more the memories of the survivors, most of whom are neither victorious or defeated.”
“They give birth astride of a grave, the light gleams an instant, then it's night once more.”
“How much sweeter life would be if it all happened in reverse, if, after decades of disappointments, you finally arrived at an age when you had conceded nothing, when everything was possible.”
“I wake up and I see the face of the devil and I ask him, "What time is it?" And he says, How much time do you want?”
“Any time not spent on love is wasted.”
“Maybe reading was just a way to make her feel less alone, to keep her company. When you read something you are stopped, the moment is stayed, you can sometimes be there more fully than you can in your real life.”
“Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.”
“Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.”
“In magic - and in life - there is only the present moment, the now. You can't measure time the way you measure the distance between two points. 'Time' doesn't pass. We human beings have enormous difficulty in focusing on the present; we're always thinking about what we did, about how we could have done it better, about the consequences of our actions, and about why we didn't act as we should have. Or else we think about the future, about what we're going to do tomorrow, what precautions we should take, what dangers await us around the next corner, how to avoid what we don't want and how to get what we have always dreamed of.”
“Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow; and thoughts of your tomorrow are nothing but desire. Don’t waste this breath, if your heart isn’t crazy, since "the rest of your life" won’t last forever.”
“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”
“despite knowing they won’t be here for long they still choose to live their brightest lives - sunflowers”
“It's paradoxical that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old doesn't appeal to anyone.”
“In the vastness of space and the immensity of time, it is my joy to share a planet and an epoch with Annie. [Dedication to Sagan's wife, Ann Druyan, in Cosmos]”
“She is in all of his spaces and all of his thoughts. He contemplates formulas and degrees of rationality and they all turn into her. He thinks about time, which has only recently begun, or at least now feels different. He thinks: the Babylonians were wrong; time is made of her.”
“‎No people whose word for 'yesterday' is the same as their word for 'tomorrow' can be said to have a firm grip on the time.”
“There is no present or future-only the past, happening over and over again-now.”
“It's funny, how one can look back on a sorrow one thought one might well die of at the time, and know that one had not yet reckoned the tenth part of true grief.”
“Time interval is a strange and contradictory matter in the mind. It would be reasonable to suppose that a routine time or an eventless time would seem interminable. It should be so, but it is not. It is the dull eventless times that have no duration whatever. A time splashed with interest, wounded with tragedy, crevassed with joy - that's the time that seems long in the memory. And this is right when you think about it. Eventlessness has no posts to drape duration on. From nothing to nothing is no time at all.”
“And everyone is alive, somewhere in time.”
“It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.”
“But now isn’t simply now. Now is also a cold reminder: one whole day later than yesterday, one year later than last year. Every now is labeled with its date, rendering all past nows obsolete, until — later of sooner — perhaps — no, not perhaps — quite certainly: it will come.”
“This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.”
“It’s how I fill the time when nothing’s happening. Thinking too much, flirting with melancholy.”
“The frailty of everything revealed at last. Old and troubling issues resolved into nothingness and night. The last instance of a thing takes the class with it. Turns out the light and is gone. Look around you. Ever is a long time. But the boy knew what he knew. That ever is no time at all.”
“Time is Galleons, little brother.”
“At times I feel as if I had lived all this before and that I have already written these very words, but I know it was not I: it was another woman, who kept her notebooks so that one day I could use them. I write, she wrote, that memory is fragile and the space of a single life is brief, passing so quickly that we never get a chance to see the relationship between events; we cannot gauge the consequences of our acts, and we believe in the fiction of past, present, and future, but it may also be true that everything happens simultaneously.   That's why my Grandmother Clara wrote in her notebooks, in order to see things in their true dimension and to defy her own poor memory.”
“The worst pain   isn't the pain you feel at the time, it's the pain you feel later on when there's nothing you can do about it, They say that time heals all wounds, But we never live long enough to test that theory  ”
“There are two days in my calendar: This day and that Day.”
“And so castles made of sand slips into the sea, eventually.”
“Adventure works in any strand—it calls to those who care more for living than for their lives.”
“Happy moments can turn into pain, given time.”
“Ô, Wanderess, Wanderess When did you feel your most euphoric kiss? Was I the source of your greatest bliss?”
“ unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”
“I am hopelessly in love with a memory. An echo from another time, another place.”
“The idea of the future, pregnant with an infinity of possibilities, is thus more fruitful than the future itself, and this is why we find more charm in hope than in possession, in dreams than in reality.”
“Thank you for sending me a copy of your book. I'll waste no time reading it.”
“You can't stop time. You can't capture light. You can only turn your face up and let it rain down.”
“Modern man thinks he loses something—time—when he does not do things quickly. Yet he does not know what to do with the time he gains—except kill it.”
“Even a broken clock is right twice a day.”
“The biggest mistake I made is the one that most of us make while doing this. I did not live in the moment enough. This is particularly clear now that the moment is gone, captured only in photographs. There is one picture of the three on them sitting in the grass on a quilt in the shadow of the swing set on a summer day, ages 6, 4, and 1. And I wish I could remember what we ate, and what we talked about, and how they sounded, and how they looked when they slept that night. I wish I had not been in a hurry to get on to the next things: dinner, bath, book, bed. I wish I had treasured the doing a little more and the getting it done a little less.”
“You forget, time doesn't exist anymore. You gave it to me.”
“I am now 33 years old, and it feels like much time has passed and is passing faster and faster every day. Day to day I have to make all sorts of choices about what is good and important and fun, and then I have to live with the forfeiture of all the other options those choices foreclose. And I'm starting to see how as time gains momentum my choices will narrow and their foreclosures multiply exponentially until I arrive at some point on some branch of all life's sumptuous branching complexity at which I am finally locked in and stuck on one path and time speeds me through stages of stasis and atrophy and decay until I go down for the third time, all struggle for naught, drowned by time. It is dreadful. But since it's my own choices that'll lock me in, it seems unavoidable--if I want to be any kind of grownup, I have to make choices and regret foreclosures and try to live with them.”
“The right time is any time that one is still so lucky as to have.”
“Both described at the same time how it was always March there and always Monday, and then they understood that José Arcadio Buendía was not as crazy as the family said, but that he was the only one who had enough lucidity to sense the truth of the fact that time also stumbled and had accidents and could therefore splinter and leave an eternalized fragment in a room.”
“Time flows in strange ways on Sundays, and sights become mysteriously distorted.”
“Eternity is said not to be an extension of time but an absence of time, and sometimes it seemed to me that her abandonment touched that strange mathematical point of endlessness, a point with no width, occupying no space.”
“For [erotically intelligent couples], love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning. They know that they have years in which to deepen their connection, to experiment, to regress, and even to fail. They see their relationship as something alive and ongoing, not a fait accompli. It’s a story that they are writing together, one with many chapters, and neither partner knows how it will end. There’s always a place they haven’t gone yet, always something about the other still to be discovered.”
“Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students." [ Letter, November 1856 ]”
“As wave is driven by wave And each, pursued, pursues the wave ahead, So time flies on and follows, flies, and follows, Always, for ever and new. What was before Is left behind; what never was is now; And every passing moment is renewed.”
“We know one another. This is the present. There is no past and no future. Here I am washing my hands, and the cracked mirror shows me to myself, suspended as it were, in time; this is me, this moment will not pass. And then I open the door and go to the dining-room, where he is sitting waiting for me at a table, and I think how in that moment I have aged, and passed on, how I have advanced one step towards an unknown destiny. We smile, we choose our lunch, we speak of this and that, but - I say to myself-I am not she who left him five minutes ago. She has stayed behind. I am another woman, older, more mature…”
“There is a time in the life of every boy when he for the first time takes the backward view of life. Perhaps that is the moment when he crosses the line into manhood. The boy is walking through the street of his town. He is thinking of the future and of the figure he will cut in the world. Ambitions and regrets awake within him. Suddenly something happens; he stops under a tree and waits as for a voice calling his name. Ghosts of old things creep into his consciousness; the voices outside of himself whisper a message concerning the limitations of life. From being quite sure of himself and his future he becomes not at all sure. If he be an imaginative boy a door is torn open and for the first time he looks out upon the world, seeing, as though they marched in procession before him, the countless figures of men who before his time have come out of nothingness into the world, lived their lives and again disappeared into nothingness. The sadness of sophistication has come to the boy. With a little gasp he sees himself as merely a leaf blown by the wind through the streets of his village. He knows that in spite of all the stout talk of his fellows he must live and die in uncertainty, a thing blown by the winds, a thing destined like corn to wilt in the sun.”
“The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit. Nothing that means anything happens quickly--we only think it does. The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making. So it is with a life, anyone's life. I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming. And if I can tell an old-time story now about a man who is walking about, waudjoset ndatlokugan, a forest lodge man, alesakamigwi udlagwedewugan, it is because I spent many years walking about myself, listening to voices that came not just from the people but from animals and trees and stones.”
“How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth, Stol'n on his wing my three-and-twentieth year!”
“Time You were the one I wanted most to stay. But time could not be kept at bay. The more it goes, the more it's gone— the more it takes away.”
“Want to have a short phone call with someone? Call them at 11:55 a.m., right before lunch. They'll talk fast. You may think you are interesting, but you are not more interesting than lunch.”
“The common man prays, 'I want a cookie right now!' And God responds, 'If you'd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies.”
“There is a time for work, and a time for love. That leaves no other time.”
“Time is a storm in which we are all lost.”
“i dont love you  like i loved you  yesterday.”
“Men live their lives trapped in an eternal present, between the mists of memory and the sea of shadow that is all we know of the days to come.”
“Grimly, she realized that clocks don't make a sound that even remotely resembles ticking, tocking. It was more the sound of a hammer, upside down, hacking methodically at the earth. It was the sound of a grave. ”
“The finished clock is resplendent. At first glance it is simply a clock, a rather large black clock with a white face and a silver pendulum. Well crafted, obviously, with intricately carved woodwork edges and a perfectly painted face, but just a clock. But that is before it is wound. Before it begins to tick, the pendulum swinging steadily and evenly. Then, then it becomes something else. The changes are slow. First, the color changes in the face, shifts from white to grey, and then there are clouds that float across it, disappearing when they reach the opposite side. Meanwhile, bits of the body of the clock expand and contract, like pieces of a puzzle. As though the clock is falling apart, slowly and gracefully. All of this takes hours. The face of the clock becomes a darker grey, and then black, with twinkling stars where numbers had been previously. The body of the clock, which has been methodically turning itself inside out and expanding, is now entirely subtle shades of white and grey. And it is not just pieces, it is figures and objects, perfectly carved flowers and planets and tiny books with actual paper pages that turn. There is a silver dragon that curls around part of the now visible clockwork, a tiny princess in a carved tower who paces in distress, awaiting an absent prince. Teapots that pour into teacups and minuscule curls of steam that rise from them as the seconds tick. Wrapped presents open. Small cats chase small dogs. An entire game of chess is played. At the center, where a cuckoo bird would live in a more traditional timepiece, is the juggler. Dress in harlequin style with a grey mask, he juggles shiny silver balls that correspond to each hour. As the clock chimes, another ball joins the rest until at midnight he juggles twelve balls in a complex pattern. After midnight, the clock begins once more to fold in upon itself. The face lightens and the cloud returns. The number of juggled balls decreases until the juggler himself vanishes. By noon it is a clock again, and no longer a dream.”
“Espere" in Spanish, is the one word covering two meanings: "waiting" and "hoping". If life, however, offers no expectation or prospect, waiting represents time "wasted”. Waiting needs a future. If not, time is condemned to be "killed". In the event that we are lost in a gap of boredom and despair, we are driven back in a vacuum of senselessness and deadlocked in a point of nothingness. We are, so therefore, bound to watch the agony of "time". ("Waiting for a place behind the geraniums " )”
“By freeze-framing the image of our lifestyle, by stopping our mental clock at times and letting time flow, 'psychological' time can replace 'chronological' time and our human condition can be called into question. This opens the door to a new challenge and a new future. ( "Svp "Arrêt sur image" )”
“Silence can be breathing space and spawn release and wellness in a time of appalling inflation of words. But silence may be intolerably screaming, if it means absence of communication, deficiency in friendship and emotional deficit. (« A gap of silence”)”
“I'm wishing he could see that music lives. Forever. That it's stronger than death. Stronger than time. And that its strength holds you together when nothing else can.”
“The years teach much the days never know.”
“The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time.”
“Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own: he who, secure within, can say, Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today. Be fair or foul, or rain or shine the joys I have possessed, in spite of fate, are mine. Not Heaven itself, upon the past has power, but what has been, has been, and I have had my hour.”
“As she’d left, I’d glanced at her gun. This time, when she’d pointed it at me, she’d flicked the safety on. If that wasn’t true love, I don’t know what was.”
“When my eyes meet his gaze as we're sitting here staring at each other, time stops. Those eyes are piercing mine, and I can swear at this moment he senses the real me. The one without the attitude, without the facade[ ]”
“A thousand years ago five minutes were Equal to forty ounces of fine sand. Outstare the stars. Infinite foretime and Infinite aftertime: above your head They close like giant wings, and you are dead.”
“And yet it takes only the smallest pleasure or pain to teach us time’s malleability.”
“Nox didn’t say a word. He waited, counting the seconds in his mind. Sometimes you counted bullets and sometimes you counted time. Either one could kill you.”
“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
“When one has come to explore the ' instant moment ' and one has chosen to savor the delights of life, which are hidden behind the curtain of haste and superficiality, then ' mental time ' is replacing ' sequential time '. So ' here ' and ' now ' are keeping hustle and impatience in check. (" Just for a moment ")”
“You never know when the truth will come home. You can’t choose the time. The time chooses you.”
“When the brain becomes too tired, the mind stops decrypting the perceptions in our mental world and surrenders willingly to the unguarded moments of life. For some time, the safeguards of our thinking pattern weaken and discontinue the decoding of the chips of daily reality. The mind picks the instants which are above suspicion, pure and innocent. ("Uber alle Gipfeln ist Ruh" )”
“When we feel lost in time, with only shadows of the past living in our mind; when the moment, which “was", no longer "is” and when only silence remains, loads of questions arise. We can cry a river or we may wonder: “What went wrong?”
“Stolen moments” create a feeling of enjoyment in our “intensive time” awareness. The glow and the intensity of those instants can guide us throughout a whole lifetime. They can expose a second or a third dimension of the daily events and shed an expounding light on all the little details we encounter. ("Stolen moments" )”
“When we are “time traveling”, we may trip over problems from the past which distort our memory. If we are weary of dealing with lost causes or lame ducks in our history, we have to make up our mind and give up destructive thinking patterns. At that juncture, time has come to go back to the future. ( “A glimpse of the future" )”
“Happiness is an undercurrent of sensitivity and leads a surreptitious life: it is an internal eventuality. We can feel it in stillness and it stands the test of time. Joy is an eruption of cheerful moments and we want to express it: it is an external eventuality. We might shout it out, as it conveys a dynamic of fleeting instants. Joy gives voice to “en-joy-ment”. ("The grass was greener over there")”
“You never know ahead of time what something's really going to be like.”
“Relatedness is vital in a time when so many people suffer from social deafness. Emotional insensitivity being caused by a redoubtable “tin ear” makes it impossible to hear any signs of empathy or capture the vibrant qualities of ‘sharing’. ("Only needed a light ")”
“When fiction has become reality, life may turn into a fairy tale or a firestorm. Tina, time has come to pull up one’s socks and start relearning and reassessing living. ("Another empty room")”
“To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted. Until you loved a mortal. Then time became gold in a miser's hands, every bright year counted out carefully, infinitely precious, and each one slipping through your fingers.”
“When illness and old age are no longer indulgent and strength is irrevocably seeping away, brightness fades insidiously away from the light of the day and time only betrays reckless evanescence. (“Into a new life”)”
“In the coming days and weeks, Laila would scramble frantically to commit it all to memory, what happened next. Like an art lover running out of a burning museum, she would grab whatever she could--a look, a whisper, a moan--to salvage from perishing to preserve. But time is the most unforgiving of fires, and she couldn't, in the end, save it all.”
“Unexpected clashes between past and present may arouse a surge of bewilderment, but ‘time’ can be a redeemer and heal mental wreckage. Time might prove to be a dependable ally and a reliable coach to find a new inspiring sequel for the future. (“Disruption”)”
“You have made flowers grow where I cultivated dust and stones. Remember this, on this journey you insist on making. If you die, I will not survive you long.”
“The work of memory collapses time.”
“There was a beautiful time ”
“Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you.”
“Your past is a skeleton walking one step behind you, and your future is a a skeleton walking one step in front of you. Maybe you don't wear a watch, but your skeletons do, and they always know what time it is.”
“The proper, wise balancing of one's whole life may depend upon the feasibility of a cup of tea at an unusual hour.”
“Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.”
“Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back.”
“Time has no dominion over love. Love is the one thing that transcends time. (Bones)”
“Love goes through all times”
“It was long since I had longed for anything and the effect on me was horrible.”
“It seems to me then as if all the moments of our life occupy the same space, as if future events already existed and were only waiting for us to find our way to them at last, just as when we have accepted an invitation we duly arrive in a certain house at a given time.”
“I am not particularly interested in saving time; I prefer to enjoy it.”
“Memory is like patches of sunlight in an overcast valley, shifting with the movement of the clouds. Now and then the light will fall on a particular point in time, illuminating it for a moment before the wind seals up the gap, and the world is in shadows again.”
“There's only one day at a time here, then it's tonight and then tomorrow will be today again.”
“Time was such an odd thing. One moment you could talk to someone, then suddenly, they were gone.”
“How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.”
“The busiest people I have known in my life always have time enough to do everything. Those who do nothing are always tired and pay no attention to the little amount of work they are required to do. They complain constantly that the day is too short. The truth is, they are afraid to fight the good fight.”
“There is no loss, if you cannot remember what you have lost.”
“We almost always can point to that hundredth blow, but we don't always mark the ninety-nine other things that happen before we change.”
“There was only present, and it was infinite. The past and the future were just blinders we wore so that infinity wouldn't drive us mad.”
“Lies 1: There is only the present and nothing to remember. Lies 2: Time is a straight line. Lies 3: The difference between the past and the future is that one has happened while the other has not. Lies 4: We can only be in one place at a time. Lies 5: Any proposition that contains the word 'finite' (the world, the universe, experience, ourselves ) Lies 6: Reality as something which can be agreed upon. Lies 7: Reality is truth.”
“Photographs are just light and time,”
“Each person who gets stuck in time gets stuck alone.”
“For me the noise of Time is not sad: I love bells, clocks, watches — and I recall that at first photographic implements were related to techniques of cabinetmaking and the machinery of precision: cameras, in short, were clocks for seeing, and perhaps in me someone very old still hears in the photographic mechanism the living sound of the wood.”
“As we go through the flightiness of time, dazed by the inebriety of our mental time voyage, we must hit the brakes, sometimes, and not shy away from questioning ourselves, when we wade through the tanning mist of our memory that embroiders our thoughts or distorts them. ("Uber alle Gipfeln ist Ruh" )”
“The moment we feel smothered by an unbearable emptiness in our lives, let us give way to the burning urge to 'suspend time,' and create space to build 'content' and ‘scope’ for a new reality. ("Words had disappeared”)”
“Time has taught me not to lose hope, yet not to trust too much in hope either.”
“As our life is our main provisional value, ‘taking the time’ to interpret our experiences is a momentous choice. Time, life and choice outline a trilogy that can solve and unite so as to vanquish the powerlessness which we might face on our path. (Could time be patient?)”
“If I could, I would stop the passage of time. But hour follows on hour, minute on minute, each second robbing me of a morsel of myself for the nothing of tomorrow. I shall never experience this moment again.”
“He shrugs. "Doesn't help to waste my time thinking about would've-beens." Laila whispers, "He says to the girl with a mind full of them.”
“While we revel in the passion of the ‘moment’ braving the whirlpool of time, a flow of vibrations may surprise us and reveal unsuspected power in our inner self, giving us muscle and confidence. (" Swim or sink")”
“If we take the time to unravel the surreptitious fragments from the past that are veiled in the muddle and jumble of our memory, we may single out the essentials for the present that might be best shots for the future. (Never looking back again", )”
“It's strange how time can make a place shrink, make its strangeness ordinary.”
“Time works so hard for us, if only we can let it.”
“If time be judiciously employed, there is time for everything.”
“The strangeness of Time. Not in its passing, which can seem infinite, like a tunnel whose end you can't see, whose beginning you've forgotten, but in the sudden realization that something finite, has passed, and is irretrievable.”
“I'd had nearly four years of experience looking at these clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight to the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.”
“By the time you're thirty, your worst enemy is yourself.”
“The time that leads to mastery is dependent on the intensity of our focus.”
“Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.”
“Has it ever struck you that life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quick you hardly catch it going?”
“Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy ready-made things in the shops. But since there are no shops where you can buy friends, men no longer have any friends.”
“Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.”
“Time is more complex near the sea than in any other place, for in addition to the circling of the sun and the turning of the seasons, the waves beat out the passage of time on the rocks and the tides rise and fall as a great clepsydra.”
“And that’s when I realize that, at the end, we’d all wish for the same thing. Just a little more time.”
“First a warning, musical; then the hour, irrevocable. The leaden circles dissolved in the air.”
“I sometimes have moments of such despair, such despair … Because in those moments I start to think that I will never be capable of beginning to live a real life; because I have already begun to think that I have lost all sense of proportion, all sense of the real and the actual; because, what is more, I have cursed myself; because my nights of fantasy are followed by hideous moments of sobering! And all the time one hears the human crowd swirling and thundering around one in the whirlwind of life, one hears, one sees how people live—that they live in reality, that for them life is not something forbidden, that their lives are not scattered for the winds like dreams or visions but are forever in the process of renewal, forever young, and that no two moments in them are ever the same; while how dreary and monotonous to the point of being vulgar is timorous fantasy, the slave of shadow, of the idea ”
“We ran into lots of old friends. Friends from elementary school, junior high school, high school. Everyone had matured in their own way, and even as we stood face to face with them they seemed like people from dreams, sudden glimpses through the fences of our tangled memories. We smiled and waved, exchanged a few words, and then walked on in our separate directions.”
“Sometimes life is a constant battle against the nostalgia of a time that can never be real again.”
“-'What do ties matter, Jeeves, at a time like this?' There is no time, sir, at which ties do not matter”
“I don't have time, energy, or interest in hating the haters; I'm too busy loving the lovers.”
“Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, don't you? You think you deserve it. I did, anyway. But then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not life's business.”
“But nothing warps time quite like childhood”
“As we are whiling away days of idleness, time may flow rashly through the screen of our thoughts and veil the relevance of individual fragments in our story. The clock of reality can arrest us, though, and compel us to confront the demands of the truth. ("Non mais, t'as vu l'heure !")”
“Time is the enemy of identity”
“For after the Battle comes quiet.”
“What an unreliable thing is time--when I want it to fly, the hours stick to me like glue. And what a changeable thing, too. Time is the twine to tie our lives into parcels of years and months. Or a rubber band stretched to suit our fancy. Time can be the pretty ribbon in a little girl's hair. Or the lines in your face, stealing your youthful colour and your hair.  . But in the end, time is a noose around the neck, strangling slowly.”
“Only with time do we really learn who the other person is and come to love the person for him- or herself and not just for the feelings and experiences they give us.”
“I don't need time, I need a deadline.”
“And it's a disquieting thought that not even the past is done with, even that continues to change, as if in reality there is only one time, for everything, one time for every purpose under heaven. One single second, one single landscape, in which what happens activates and deactivates what has already happened in endless chain reactions, like the processes that take place in the brain, perhaps, where cells suddenly bloom and die away, all according to the way the winds of consciousness are blowing.”
“For children, childhood is timeless. It is always the present. Everything is in the present tense. Of course, they have memories. Of course, time shifts a little for them and Christmas comes round in the end. But they don’t feel it. Today is what they feel, and when they say ‘When I grow up,’ there is always an edge of disbelief—how could they ever be other than what they are?”
“Time really is one big continuous cloth, no? We habitually cut out pieces of time to fit us, so we tend to fool ourselves into thinking that time is our size, but it really goes on and on.”
“From all that I saw, and everywhere I wandered, I learned that time cannot be spent. It can only be squandered.”
“We must use time creatively - and forever realize that the time is always hope to do great things.”
“I loved you then and I love you now and I have loved you every second in between.”
“I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love.”
“Lost, yesterday, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. No reward is offered for they are gone forever.”
“Now, five years is nothing in a man's life except when he is very young and very old  - Wang Lung”
“Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy. So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.”
“Time folds you in its arms and gives you one last kiss, and then it flattens you out and folds you up and tucks you away until it's time for you to become someone else's past time, and then time folds again.”
“Usually time alters and affects everything, but when someone you love dies time cannot change that, no amount of time will ever change that, so time stops having any meaning.”
“But there is something about Time. The sun rises and sets. The stars swing slowly across the sky and fade. Clouds fill with rain and snow, empty themselves, and fill again. The moon is born, and dies, and is reborn. Around millions of clocks swing hour hands, and minute hands, and second hands. Around goes the continual circle of the notes of the scale. Around goes the circle of night and day, the circle of weeks forever revolving, and of months, and of years.”
“how does she know it's the right room?' wondered Descant. Oh, I don't know; mabye it's the magical red glow coming from the doorway, or perhaps it's the deafening howl of the temporal winds.' said Mervall. Descant nodded.'You could be right, brother. And don't think I don't know sarcasm when I hear it.”
“Deserts possess a particular magic, since they have exhausted their own futures, and are thus free of time. Anything erected there, a city, a pyramid, a motel, stands outside time. It's no coincidence that religious leaders emerge from the desert. Modern shopping malls have much the same function. A future Rimbaud, Van Gogh or Adolf Hitler will emerge from their timeless wastes.”
“The degree of slowness is directionally proportional to the intensity of memory. The degree of speed is directionally proportional to the intensity of forgetting.”
“Today will die tomorrow.”
“I remember my childhood names for grasses and secret flowers. I remember where a toad may live and what time the birds awaken in the summer -- and what trees and seasons smelled like -- how people looked and walked and smelled even. The memory of odors is very rich.”
“Nothing living should ever be treated with contempt. Whatever it is that lives, a man, a tree, or a bird, should be touched gently, because the time is short. Civilization is another word for respect for life ”
“Every moment is the paradox of now or never.”
“If you act like you've only got fifteen minutes, it will take all day. Act like you've got all day, it will take fifteen minutes.”
“If [hand-drawn animation] is a dying craft, we can't do anything about it. Civilization moves on. Where are all the fresco painters now? Where are the landscape artists? What are they doing now? The world is changing. I have been very fortunate to be able to do the same job for 40 years. That's rare in any era.”
“But genius, and even great talent, springs less from seeds of intellect and social refinement superior to those of other people than from the faculty of transforming and transposing them. To heat a liquid with an electric lamp requires not the strongest lamp possible, but one of which the current can cease to illuminate, can be diverted so as to give heat instead of light. To mount the skies it is not necessary to have the most powerful of motors, one must have a motor which, instead of continuing to run along the earth's surface, intersecting with a vertical line the horizontal line which it began by following, is capable of converting its speed into lifting power. Similarly, the men who produce works of genius are not those who live in the most delicate atmosphere, whose conversation is the most brilliant or their culture the most extensive, but those who have had the power, ceasing suddenly to live only for themselves, to transform their personality into a sort of mirror, in such a way that their life, however mediocre it may be socially and even, in a sense, intellectually, is reflected by it, genius consisting in reflecting power and not int he intrinsic quality of the scene reflected.”
“There is no Space or Time Only intensity, And tame things Have no immensity”
“Of all the things a man may do, sleep probably contributes most to keeping him sane. It puts brackets about each day. If you do something foolish or painful today, you get irritated if somebody mentions it, today. If it happened yesterday, though, you can nod or chuckle, as the case may be. You've crossed through nothingness or dream to another island in Time.”
“From space, astronauts can see people making love as a tiny speck of light. Not light, exactly, but a glow that could be confused for light - a coital radiance that takes generations to pour like honey through the darkness to the astronaut's eyes. In about one and a half centuries - after the lovers who made the glow will have long since been laid permanently on their backs - the metropolitan cities will be seen from space. They will glow all year. Smaller cities will also be seen, but with great difficulty. Towns will be virtually impossible to spot. Individual couples invisible.”
“Lo esperado no sucede. Es lo inesperado lo que acontece.”
“Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.”
“Between Ennui and Ecstasy unwinds our whole experience of time.”
“Time has no meaning in itself unless we choose to give it significance”
“Gather ye rose-buds while ye may, Old Time is still a-flying; And this same flower that smiles today, Tomorrow will be dying. The glorious lamp of heaven, the sun, The higher he’s a-getting, The sooner will his race be run, And nearer he is to setting. That age is best which is the first, When youth and blood are warmer; But being spent, the worse, and worst Times still succeed the former. Then be not coy, but use your time, And while you may, go marry; For having lost but once your prime, You may for ever tarry. - To the Virgins, To Make much of Time ”
“I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am, also, much more than that. So are we all.”
“Do you want to be with Dave for the rest of your life?” Then he rips off a piece of paper and picks up the smallest charcoal stick from my set. He writes something. He passes it over to me. It says: Time will tell. “And while you’re waiting,” he says, “don’t settle for anything less than what you really want.”
“Things worth telling - take time”
“We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.”
“I'm open to everything. When you start to criticize the times you live in, your time is over.”
“This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountain down.”
“I didnt pay atteniton to times or distance, instead focusing on how it felt just to be in motion, knowing it wasn't about the finish line but how I got there that mattered.”
“We love to buy books because we believe we're buying the time to read them. [ Inside Out (VH1)]”
“..time is always the price we pay for the unlived life.”
“We no longer have the luxury of spending our energy on anything that does not lead us and our families to Christ.”
“I hadn’t been a nerd, mind you. I’d just been the type of guy who spent a lot of time by himself, focused entirely on a single consuming interest.”
“Time has a wonderful way to show us what really matters.”
“Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.”
“Fifty years," I hackneyed, "is a long time." "Not when you're looking back at them," she said. "You wonder how they vanished so quickly.”
“Let us 'time' be a friendly coach, putting the enchantment of each 'present moment’ artfully in a chosen frame of our thoughts. ("Quest for the real moment")”
“Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.”
“Had we but World enough, and Time, This coyness Lady were no crime. We would sit down, and think which way To walk, and pass our long Loves Day.”
“Never waste any time you can spend sleeping.”
“It seemed my whole life was composed of these disjointed fractions of time, hanging around in one public place and then another, as if I were waiting for trains that never came. And, like one of those ghosts who are said to linger around depots late at night, asking passersby for the timetable of the Midnight Express that derailed twenty years before, I wandered from light to light until that dreaded hour when all the doors closed and, stepping from the world of warmth and people and conversation overheard, I felt the old familiar cold twist through my bones again and then it was all forgotten, the warmth, the lights; I had never been warm in my life, ever.”
“My heart is burning a hole in my chest and every time you speak to me, it keeps sinking, and I'm left with nothing but ashes. I wish she were talking to me, because the more she speaks to me, the more my heart flutters like a rising phoenix. -Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz”
“If you keep waiting for the right time, it may never happen. Sometimes you have to make the most of the time you have.”
“Time and death sleep side by side.”
“Time and tide wait for no man.”
“So many people think that they are not gifted because they don’t have an obvious talent that people can recognize because it doesn’t fall under the creative arts category—writing, dancing, music, acting, art or singing. Sadly, they let their real talents go undeveloped, while they chase after fame. I am grateful for the people with obscure unremarked talents because they make our lives easier---inventors, organizers, planners, peacemakers, communicators, activists, scientists, and so forth. However, there is one gift that trumps all other talents—being an excellent parent. If you can successfully raise a child in this day in age to have integrity then you have left a legacy that future generations will benefit from.”
“Pakistan not only means freedom and independence but the Muslim Ideology which has to be preserved, which has come to us as a precious gift and treasure and which, we hope other will share with us.”
“If we accept time for what it is, how it flows and how we flow with it, I doubt very much that would continue wasting loads of it by constantly checking our watches.”
“He knew now that it was his own will to happiness which must make the next move. But if he was to do so, he realized that he must come to terms with time, that to have time was at once the most magnificent and the most dangerous of experiments. Idleness is fatal only to the mediocre.”
“But life is just a party, and parties weren't meant to last.”
“It is said that mourning, by its gradual labour, slowly erases pain; I could not, I cannot believe this; because for me, Time eliminates the emotion of loss (I do not weep), that is all. For the rest, everything has remained motionless. For what I have lost is not a Figure (the Mother), but a being; and not a being, but a quality (a soul): not the indispensable, but the irreplaceable.”
“Man is the result of slow growth; that is why he occupies the position he does in animal life. What does a pup amount to that has gained its growth in a few days or weeks, beside a man who only attains it in as many years.”
“This is what I want: I want to grab my brother's hand and run back through time, losing years like coats falling from our shoulders.”
“Time was like that, though - racing forward when she wanted it to slow down, then crawling to a stop when she could least bear it.”
“After long enough, everyone in the world will be you enemy.”
“As time goes by, as time goes by, the whip-crack of the years, the precipice of illusions, the ravine that swallows up all human endeavour except the struggle to survive.”
“Believing the lie that time will heal all wounds is just a nice way of saying that time deadens us.”
“If someone loves you, they should not be envious of you pouring your heart and soul and time and energy into the things that you are passionate about, but instead .they should love you MORE because you are so involved in those things.”
“ I’ll wait for you to find me again. So don’t take too long. ”
“It's funny, don't you think, how time seems to do a lot of things? It flies, it tells, and worst of all, it runs out.”
“I'm trying to remember how you tell the time by looking at the sun." -"I should leave it for a while, it's too bright to see the numbers at the moment.”
“Time, as it grows old, teaches all things.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“But I have learned that you can't just create your own timetable and will it to come true.”
“Writing is not a matter of time, but a matter or of space. If you don't keep space in your head for writing, you won't write even if you have the time.”
“We shall never meet, but there is something I want you to know. My time is not the same as your time. Our times are not the same. And do you know what that means? That means that time does not exist. Do you want me to repeat that? There is no time. There is a life and a death. There are people and animals. Our thoughts exist. And the world. The universe, too. But there is no time. You might as well take it easy. Do you feel better now? I feel better. This is going to work out. Have a nice day.”
“Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.”
“Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.”
“Maybe the only thing that hints at a sense of Time is rhythm; not the recurrent beats of the rhythm but the gap between two such beats, the gray gap between black beats: the Tender Interval.”
“And still the brain continues to yearn, continues to burn, foolishly, with desire. My old man's brain is mocked by a body that still longs to stretch in the sun and form a beautiful shape in someone else's gaze, to lie under a blue sky and dream of helpless, selfless love, to behold itself, illuminated, in the golden light of another's eyes.”
“A person that does not value your time will not value your advice.”
“Man…who lives in three places – in the past, in the present, and in the future – can be unhappy if one of these three is worthless. Religion has even added a fourth – eternity.”
“Oh, shimmer down, Hunter. You're too testy. How many times have I've told you that you need to chill out, take a vacay. Disney World is really fun this time of the year. you should check it out.”
“There will be time, there will be time To prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet; There will be time to murder and create, And time for all the works and days of hands That lift and drop a question on your plate; Time for you and time for me, And time yet for a hundred indecisions, And for a hundred visions and revisions, Before the taking of a toast and tea.”
“  truth, whose mother is history, who is the rival of time, depository of deeds, witness of the past, example and lesson to the present, and warning to the future.”
“The real dawah to Islam is the character of a Muslim.”
“And at the place where time stands still, one sees lovers kissing in the shadows of buildings, in a frozen embrace that will never let go. The loved one will never take his arms from where they are now, will never give back the bracelet of memories, will never journey afar from his lover, will never place himself in danger of self-sacrifice, will never fail to show his love, will never become jealous, will never fall in love with someone else, will never lose the passion of this instant of time.”
“I do love the beginning of the summer hols,' said Julian. They always seem to stretch out ahead for ages and ages.' 'They go so nice and slowly at first,' said Anne, his little sister. 'Then they start to gallop.”
“It was a lesson that I would learn in time though it wasn't Hegbert who taught me.”
“Time is a waste of money.”
“Temporality temporalizes as a future which makes present in the process of having been.”
“Each day a day goes by.”
“From the time we're born until we die, we're kept busy with artificial stuff that isn't important.”
“Which of us is not saying to himself--which of us has not been saying to himself all his life: "I shall alter that when I have a little more time"? We never shall have any more time. We have, and we have always had, all the time there is.”
“It's just so out of control. Life, I mean. The way it flies off in all these different directions without your permission.”
“When you give someone your time, you are giving them a portion of your life that you'll never get back. Your time is your life. That is why the greatest gift you can give someone is your time.”
“What’s wrong with nature shows?” “You can’t believe anything the narrators say. One claimed that some animals mate for life. Come on, they need time off to eat and sleep, don’t they?”
“Once, very long ago, Time fell in love with Fate. This, as you might imagine, proved problematic. Their romance disrupted the flow of time. It tangled the strings of fortune into knots.  The stars watched from the heavens nervously, worrying what might occur. What might happen to the days and nights were time to suffer a broken heart? What catastrophes might result if the same fate awaited Fate itself? The stars conspired and separated the two. For a while they breathed easier in the heavens. Time continued to flow as it always had, or perhaps imperceptibly slower. Fate weaved together the paths that were meant to intertwine, though perhaps a string was missed here and there. But eventually, Fate and Time found each other again.  In the heavens, the stars sighed, twinkling and fretting. They asked the Moon her advice. The Moon in turn called upon the parliament of owls to decide how best to proceed. The parliament of owls convened to discuss the matter amongst themselves night after night. They argued and debated while the world slept around them, and the world continued to turn, unaware that such important matters were under discussion while it slumbered.  The parliament of owls came to the logical conclusion that if the problem was in the combination, one of the elements should be removed. They chose to keep the one they felt more important. The parliament of owls told their decision to the stars and the stars agreed. The Moon did not, but on this night she was dark and could not offer her opinion.  So it was decided, and Fate was pulled apart. Ripped into pieces by beaks and claws. Fate’s screams echoed through the deepest corners and the highest heavens but no one dared to intervene save for a small brave mouse who snuck into the fray, creeping unnoticed through the blood and bone and feathers, and took Fate’s heart and kept it safe. When the furor died down there was nothing else left of Fate.  The owl who consumed Fate’s eyes gained great site, greater site then any that had been granted to a mortal creature before. The Parliament crowned him the Owl King. In the heavens the stars sparkled with relief but the moon was full of sorrow. And so time goes as it should and events that were once fated to happen are left instead to chance, and Chance never falls in love with anything for long. But the world is strange and endings are not truly endings no matter how the stars might wish it so.  Occasionally Fate can pull itself together again.  And Time is always waiting.”
“There is always time for another last minute”
“Every moment has its pleasures and its hope.”
“It's funny, but certain faces seem to go in and out of style. You look at old photographs and everybody has a certain look to them, almost as if they're related. Look at pictures from ten years later and you can see that there's a new kind of face starting to predominate, and that the old faces are fading away and vanishing, never to be seen again.”
“Santa Claus has nothing to do with it," the latke said. "Christmas and Hanukah are completely different things." "But different things can often blend together," said the pine tree. "Let me tell you a funny story about pagan rituals.”
“I will come back to you, I swear I will; And you will know me still. I shall be only a little taller Than when I went.”
“Time heals all wounds.”
“The part of life we really live is small.' For all the rest of existence is not life, but merely time.”
“I wish I’d paid better attention. I didn’t yet think of time as finite. I didn’t fully appreciate the stories she told me until I became adult, and by then I had to make do with snippets pasted together, a film projected on the back of my mind.”
“In such seconds of decision entire futures are made.”
“He was sounding the deeps of his nature, and of the parts of his nature that were deeper than he, going back into the womb of Time.”
“And grief still feels like fear. Perhaps, more strictly, like suspense. Or like waiting; just hanging about waiting for something to happen. It gives life a permanently provisional feeling. It doesn't seem worth starting anything. I can't settle down. I yawn, fidget, I smoke too much. Up till this I always had too little time. Now there is nothing but time. Almost pure time, empty successiveness.”
“Why had he assumed time was some sort of infinite resource? Now the hourglass had busted open, and what he’d always assumed was just a bunch of sand turned out to be a million tiny diamonds.”
“They have gone. And the tunnel is about to close. So, boys, I am looking for someone to blame.”
“Writing, the art of communicating thoughts to the mind through the eye, is the great invention of the world enabling us to converse with the dead, the absent, and the unborn, at all distances of time and space.”
“Time itself is neutral; it can be used either destructively or constructively. More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than have the people of good will. We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people. Human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitability; it comes through the tireless efforts of men willing to work to be co-workers with God, and without this hard work, time itself becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation. We must use time creatively, in the knowledge that the time is always ripe to do right.”
“She measured time in pages. Half an hour, to her, meant ten pages read, or fourteen, depending on the size of the type, and when you think of time in this way there isn’t time for anything else.”
“Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.”
“You see, this happened a few months ago, but it's still going on right now, and it ought to make us feel ashamed when we talk like we know what we're talking about when we talk about love.”
“We never keep to the present. We recall the past; we anticipate the future as if we found it too slow in coming and were trying to hurry it up, or we recall the past as if to stay its too rapid flight. We are so unwise that we wander about in times that do not belong to us, and do not think of the only one that does; so vain that we dream of times that are not and blindly flee the only one that is. The fact is that the present usually hurts. We thrust it out of sight because it distresses us, and if we find it enjoyable, we are sorry to see it slip away. We try to give it the support of the future, and think how we are going to arrange things over which we have no control for a time we can never be sure of reaching. Let each of us examine his thoughts; he will find them wholly concerned with the past or the future. We almost never think of the present, and if we do think of it, it is only to see what light it throws on our plans for the future. The present is never our end. The past and the present are our means, the future alone our end. Thus we never actually live, but hope to live, and since we are always planning how to be happy, it is inevitable that we should never be so.”
“The future is foretold from the past and the future is only possible because of the past. Without past and future, the present is partial. All time is eternally present and so all time is ours. There is no sense in forgetting and every sense in dreaming. Thus the present is made rich.”
“Time is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space. If you can bend space you can bend time also, and if you knew enough and could move faster than light you could travel backward in time and exist in two places at once.”
“Outside the leaves on the trees constricted slightly; they were the deep done green of the beginning of autumn. It was a Sunday in September. There would only be four. The clouds were high and the swallows would be here for another month or so before they left for the south before they returned again next summer.”
“We are all the fools of time and terror: Days Steal on us and steal from us; yet we live, Loathing our life, and dreading still to die.”
“But now we have time. Endless time stretches before us.”
“When you stir your rice pudding, Septimus, the spoonful of jam spreads itself round making red trails like the picture of a meteor in my astronomical atlas. But if you stir backwards, the jam will not come together again. Indeed, the pudding does not notice and continues to turn pink just as before. Do you think this is odd?”
“In this world, there are two times. There is mechanical time and there is body time." "They do not keep clocks in their houses. Instead, they listen to their heartbeats. They feel the rhythms of their moods and desires." "Then there are those who think their bodies don't exist. They live by mechanical time. They rise at seven o'clock in the morning. They eat their lunch at noon and their supper at six. They arrive at their appointments on time, precisely by the clock.”
“Witness also that when we talk about literature, we do so in the present tense. When we speak of the dead, we are not so kind.”
“Vladimir: That passed the time. Estragon: It would have passed in any case. Vladimir: Yes, but not so rapidly.”
“Another [change] affects Chip and Joanna Gaines. This couple, who had reached unfathomable heights of popularity with their ‘Fixer Upper’ TV program in the 21st century, are instead homeless and living in a large cardboard box behind the Waco, Texas, bus station.” “That’s harsh,” said Eddie. “What did they do to deserve that?” “Nothing. It’s just one of those undesirable consequences that we could not avoid. It was either that or lose Australia.”
“There are times when the actual experience of leaving something makes you wish desperately that you could stay, and then there are times when the leaving reminds you a hundred times over why exactly you had to leave in the first place.”
“My education was the liberty I had to read indiscriminately and all the time, with my eyes hanging out.”
“It hadn't been so long ago, yet sometimes she felt that she'd been an altogether different person back then.”
“Time crumbles things; everything grows old under the power of Time and is forgotten through the lapse of Time.”
“It is so many years before one can believe enough in what one feels even to know what the feeling is”
“About time, what I really learned from studying English is: time is different with timing. I understand the difference of these two words so well. I understand falling in love with the right person in the wrong timing could be the greatest sadness in a person's entire life.”
“People think they own time. They have watches and clocks and digital pulses. But they are wrong. Time owns them. ”
“Yes, now you know. Now you know! That's what it was to be alive. To move about in a cloud of ignorance; to go up and down trampling on the feelings of those of those about you. To spend and waste time as though you had a million years. To be always at the mercy of one self-centered passion, or another. Now you know — that's the happy existence you wanted to go back to. Ignorance and blindness.”
“For every book you buy, you should buy the time to read it.”
“Good morning, Hell-A. In the land of the lotus-eaters, time plays tricks on you. One day you’re dreaming, the next, your dream has become your reality. It was the best of times. If only someone had told me. Mistakes were made, hearts were broken, harsh lessons learned. My family goes on without me, while I drown in a sea of pointless pussy. I don’t know how I got here. But here I am, rotting away in the warm California sun. There are things I need to figure out, for her sake, at least. The clock is ticking. The gap is widening. She won’t always love me “no matter what”
“On a long flight, after periods of crisis and many hours of fatigue, mind and body may become disunited until at times they seem completely different elements, as though the body were only a home with which the mind has been associated but by no means bound. Consciousness grows independent of the ordinary senses. You see without assistance from the eyes, over distances beyond the visual horizon. There are moments when existence appears independent even of the mind. The importance of physical desire and immediate surroundings is submerged in the apprehension of universal values. For unmeasurable periods, I seem divorced from my body, as though I were an awareness spreading out through space, over the earth and into the heavens, unhampered by time or substance, free from the gravitation that binds to heavy human problems of the world. My body requires no attention. It's not hungry. It's neither warm or cold. It's resigned to being left undisturbed. Why have I troubled to bring it here? I might better have left it back at Long Island or St. Louis, while the weightless element that has lived within it flashes through the skies and views the planet. This essential consciousness needs no body for its travels. It needs no plane, no engine, no instruments, only the release from flesh which circumstances I've gone through make possible. Then what am I – the body substance which I can see with my eyes and feel with my hands? Or am I this realization, this greater understanding which dwells within it, yet expands through the universe outside; a part of all existence, powerless but without need for power; immersed in solitude, yet in contact with all creation? There are moments when the two appear inseparable, and others when they could be cut apart by the merest flash of light. While my hand is on the stick, my feet on the rudder, and my eyes on the compass, this consciousness, like a winged messenger, goes out to visit the waves below, testing the warmth of water, the speed of wind, the thickness of intervening clouds. It goes north to the glacial coasts of Greenland, over the horizon to the edge of dawn, ahead to Ireland, England, and the continent of Europe, away through space to the moon and stars, always returning, unwillingly, to the mortal duty of seeing that the limbs and muscles have attended their routine while it was gone.”
“Time is the clarity for seeing right and wrong.”
“Why, you are a man of heart!" "Sometimes," replied Phileas Fogg, quietly. "When I have the time.”
“Time was the most precious thing in the world to me, and I’d just given her all of it. Because I was falling for her. Because I cared for her. Because I wanted to give her something to remember me by, even if it would eventually fade like its namesake. Time… what an absolute horror-inducing word”
“I fancied my luck to be witnessing yet another full moon. True, I’d seen hundreds of full moons in my life, but they were not limitless. When one starts thinking of the full moon as a common sight that will come again to one’s eyes ad-infinitum, the value of life is diminished and life goes by uncherished. ‘This may be my last moon,’ I sighed, feeling a sudden sweep of sorrow; and went back to reading more of The Odyssey.”
“Put up in a place where it is easy to see the cryptic admonishment T.T.T When you feel how depressingly slowly you climb it's well to remember that Things Take Time.”
“Only bad things happen quickly, . . . Virtually all the happiness-producing processes in our lives take time, usually a long time: learning new things, changing old behaviors, building satisfying relationships, raising children. This is why patience and determination are among life’s primary virtues. ”
“The secret is,” I say, whispering right into his ear, “that yours was the best kiss I’ve ever had in my life.” “But I’ve never kissed you,” he whispers back. Around us the rain sounds like falling glass. “Not since third grade, anyway.” I smile, but I’m not sure if he can see it. “Better get started, then,” I say, “because I don’t have much time.”
“She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time. When she'd been young, she'd had an insatiable hunger for more of it, though she hadn't understood why. Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world. The apple tree was still nice to lie near. They peony, for its scent, also fine. When she walked through the woods (infrequently now) she picked her way along the path, making way for the boy inside to run along before her. It could be hard to choose the time outside over the time within.”
“While you'll feel compelled to charge forward it's often a gentle step back that will reveal to you where you and what you truly seek.”
“The physician must be able to tell the antecedents, know the present, and foretell the future — must mediate these things, and have two special objects in view with regard to disease, namely, to do good or to do no harm.”
“By looking far out into space we are also looking far back into time, back toward the horizon of the universe, back toward the epoch of the Big Bang.”
“To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted.”
“Art enables us to find ourselves and loose ourselves at the same time.”
“Close your eyes, real tight, and then count to three hundred. That’s all you have to do. You just count to three hundred, and when you open your eyes, five minutes will have passed. And even if it hurts or things are shitty or you don’t know what to do, you just made it through five whole minutes. And when it feels like you can’t go on, you just close your eyes and do it again. That’s all you need. Just five minutes at a time.”
“Flesh is willing, but the Soul requires Sisyphean patience for its song, Time, Hippocrates remarked, is short and Art is long.”
“But memory and time aren’t friends. They reject each other, they hurry in opposite directions, pulling the binding taut between them, threatening to snap.”
“Deeds need time, even after they are done, in order to be seen or heard.”
“They had parted as boys, and now life presented one of them with a fugitive and the other with a dying man. Both wondered whether this was due to the cards they'd been dealt or to the way they had played them.”
“Musing takes place in a kind of meadowlands of the imagination, a part of the imagination that has not yet been plowed, developed, or put to any immediately practical use. [--] [T]ime spent there is not work time, yet without that time the mind becomes sterile, dull, domesticated. The fight for free space—for wilderness and for public space—must be accompanied by a fight for free time to spend wandering in that space.”
“Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in. I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is. Its thin current slides away, but eternity remains.”
“Each time is true, but the truths are not the same.”
“Because time is a drop in the ocean, and you cannot measure off one drop against another to see which one is bigger, which one is smaller.”
“Time is not your friend. It doesn't care if you live fast or die slow, if you are or if you aren't. It was here before you arrived and it will go on after you leave. Time doesn't care who wins or who loses, if your life span is full or empty, honorable or shameful. Time is indifferent. It simply doesn't give a shit.”
“Just 'cause there's snow on the roof doesn't mean there's not a fire inside.”
“The Clock on the Morning Lenape Building Must Clocks be circles? Time is not a circle. Suppose the Mother of All Minutes started right here, on the sidewalk in front of the Morning Lenape Building, and the parade of minutes that followed--each of them, say, one inch long-- headed out that way, down Bridge Street. Where would Now be? This minute? Out past the moon? Jupiter? The nearest star? Who came up with minutes, anyway? Who needs them? Name one good thing a minute's ever done. They shorten fun and measure misery. Get rid of them, I say. Down with minutes! And while you're at it--take hours with you too. Don't get me started on them. Clocks--that's the problem. Every clock is a nest of minutes and hours. Clocks strap us into their shape. Instead of heading for the nearest star, all we do is corkscrew. Clocks lock us into minutes, make Ferris wheel riders of us all, lug us round and round from number to number, dice the time of our lives into tiny bits until the bits are all we know and the only question we care to ask is "What time is it?" As if minutes could tell. As if Arnold could look up at this clock on the Lenape Building and read: 15 Minutes till Found. As if Charlie's time is not forever stuck on Half Past Grace. As if a swarm of stinging minutes waits for Betty Lou to step outside. As if love does not tell all the time the Huffelmeyers need to know.”
“She was never going to seek gainful employment again, that was for certain. She'd remain outside the public sector. She'd be an anarchist, she'd travel with jaguars. She was going to train herself to be totally irrational. She'd fall in love with a totally inappropriate person. She'd really work on it, but abandon would be involved as well. She'd have different names, a.k.a. Snake, a.k.a. Snow - no that was juvenile. She wanted to be extraordinary, to possess a savage glitter.”
“Time was a funny and fickle thing. Sometimes there was never enough of it, and other times it stretched out endlessly.”
“History was, is, a one-way street. You have to keep walking forwards, but you don't always need to look ahead. Sometimes you can just look around and be happy right where you are.”
“Well we've left behind the 200X's, and we move onto the 20XX's. Maybe that will finally make us feel like we're living in the future, rather than a media controlled slave state where an iPhone is worth substantially more than a human life. Happy new year.”
“Times change, as do our wills, What we are - is ever changing; All the world is made of change, And forever attaining new qualities.”
“Magnus deeply disliked people who were early to business meetings. It was just as bad as being late, since it put everyone out, and even worse, people who were early always acted terribly superior about their bad timekeeping skills. They acted as though it were morally more righteous to get up early than to stay up late, even if you got the same amount of work done in the exact same amount of time. Magnus found it to be one of the great injustices of life.”
“David Foster Wallace: Because I'd like to be the sort of person who can enjoy things at the time instead of having to go back in my head and enjoy them then.”
“Live. For Now. For the time being.”
“Let every man be master of his time.”
“Time is the longest distance between two places.”
“Time forks perpetually toward innumerable futures. In one of them I am your enemy.”
“Time, I think, is like walking backward away from something: say, from a kiss. First there is the kiss; then you step back, and the eyes fill up your vision, then the eyes are framed in the face as you step further away; the face then is part of a body, and then the body is framed in a doorway, then the doorway framed in the trees beside it. The path grows longer and the door smaller, the trees fill up your sight and the door is lost, then the path is lost in the woods and the woods lost in the hills. Yet somewhere in the center still is the kiss. That's what time is like.”
“Give time time.”
“The advantage of living is not measured by length, but by use; some men have lived long, and lived little; attend to it while you are in it. It lies in your will, not in the number of years, for you to have lived enough.”
“I don't ask for your pity, but just for your understanding – not even that – no. Just for some recognition of me in you, and the enemy, time, in us all.”
“Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore, So do our minutes hasten to their end; Each changing place with that which goes before, In sequent toil all forwards do contend. Nativity, once in the main of light, Crawls to maturity, wherewith being crown'd, Crooked eclipses 'gainst his glory fight, And Time that gave doth now his gift confound. Time doth transfix the flourish set on youth And delves the parallels in beauty's brow, Feeds on the rarities of nature's truth, And nothing stands but for his scythe to mow: And yet to times in hope, my verse shall stand. Praising thy worth, despite his cruel hand.”
“One of the great disadvantages of hurry is that it takes such a long time.”
“Most of the time - 99 percent of the time - you just don't know how and why the threads are looped together, and that's okay. Do a good thing and something bad happens. Do a bad thing and something good happens. Do nothing and everything explodes. And very, very rarely - by some miracle of chance and coincidence, butterflies beating their wings just so and all the threads hanging together for a minute - you get the chance to do the right thing.”
“But we must not forget that all things in the world are connected with one another and depend on one another, and that we ourselves and all our thoughts are also a part of nature. It is utterly beyond our power to measure the changes of things by time. Quite the contrary, time is an abstraction, at which we arrive by means of the change of things; made because we are not restricted to any one definite measure, all being interconnected. A motion is termed uniform in which equal increments of space described correspond to equal increments of space described by some motion with which we form a comparison, as the rotation of the earth. A motion may, with respect to another motion, be uniform. But the question whether a motion is in itself uniform, is senseless. With just as little justice, also, may we speak of an “absolute time” --- of a time independent of change. This absolute time can be measured by comparison with no motion; it has therefore neither a practical nor a scientific value; and no one is justified in saying that he knows aught about it. It is an idle metaphysical conception.”
“In the ill-judged execution of the well-judged plan of things the call seldom produces the comer, the man to love rarely coincides with the hour for loving. Nature does not often say 'See!' to her poor creature at a time when seeing can lead to happy doing; or reply 'Here!' to a body's cry of 'Where?' till the hide-and-seek has become an irksome outworn game.”
“I think I fell in love with you that amazing night on the kitchen floor. Or maybe it was the evening you stepped up and set my arm." Testing things, he reached for her hand, and, to his joy, she glared, but she let him take it. "Or maybe the night I knew I loved you was when I kissed you under the mistletoe on Christmas Eve. It's hard to say because I look at you now and it seems to me there's never been a time when I didn't love you.”
“Time has to pass. But sometimes its so goddamn long. Sometimes it just seems to drag and drag and weigh a ton. And hang on you like a monkey. Like its going to suck the blood out of you. Or squeeze your guts out. And sometimes it flies. And is gone somewhere, somehow, before you know it was even here. As if time is only here to make you miserable. That's the only reason for time. To squeeze you. Crush you. To tie you up in knots and make you fucking miserable.”
“The hours are numerous and the clock seldom measures the time that passes inside us, the real lifetime, and because of this many days can fit into a few hours, and vice versa, and numbers of years can be an imprecise measure of a man's lifetime, he who dies at forty has perhaps actually lived much longer than he who dies at ninety.”
“We use time machines to learn from the past,” Chris continued. “But there are still a few things that have been puzzling some of us, and maybe you can help clear up one of them. There’s a person called Kim Kardashian—someone born in your time, I believe. She has had thousands of regeneration and cybernetic enhancement procedures. But no one can seem to recall her purpose. Does she have any special talent or reason for being kept alive all these centuries?” Heads shook in bafflement. “Anyway,” said Chris, “you’ll be glad to know that Tom Brady is still slinging footballs as far as ever. And Brett Favre is considering another comeback.”
“Youthfulness is about how you live not when you were born.”
“Time felt slower when we do nothing but wait.”
“I have never killed anybody, it is true, but it is because I lacked the courage or the time, not because I lacked the desire”
“Some memories never heal. Rather than fading with the passage of time, those memories become the only things that are left behind when all else is abraded. The world darkens, like electric bulbs going out one by one. I am aware that I am not a safe person.”
“…everyone needs a somewhere, a place he can go. There comes a time, you see, inevitably there comes a time you have to have a somewhere you can go!”
“There was a filmy veil of soft dull mist obscuring, but not hiding, all objects, giving them a lilac hue, for the sun had not yet fully set; a robin was singing   The leaves were more gorgeous than ever; the first touch of frost would lay them all low to the ground. Already one or two kept constantly floating down, amber and golden in the low slanting sun-rays.”
“University's like this little world, a bubble of time separate from everything before and everything after.”
“But why do only unimportant things?" asked Milo, who suddenly remembered how much time he spent each day doing them. "Think of all the trouble it saves," the man explained, and his face looked as if he'd be grinning an evil grin--if he could grin at all. "If you only do the easy and useless jobs, you'll never have to worry about the important ones which are so difficult. You just won't have the time. For there's always something to do to keep you from what you really should be doing, and if it weren't for that dreadful magic staff, you'd never know how much time you were wasting.”
“Love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning.”
“Satire is tragedy plus time. You give it enough time, the public, the reviewers will allow you to satirize it. Which is rather ridiculous, when you think about it.”
“Hope,  which whispered from Pandora's box after all the other plagues and sorrows had escaped, is the best and last of all things. Without it, there is only time. And time pushes at our backs like a centrifuge, forcing outward and away, until it nudges us into oblivion  It's a law of motion, a fact of physics , no different from the stages of white dwarves and red giants. Like all things in the universe, we are destined from birth to diverge. Time is simply the yardstick of our separation. If we are particles in a sea of distance, exploded from an original whole, then there is a science to our solitude. We are lonely in proportion to our years.”
“Even a moment's reflection will help you see that the problem of using your time well is not a problem of the mind but of the heart. It will only yield to a change in the very way we feel about time. The value of time must change for us. And then the way we think about it will change, naturally and wisely. That change in feeling and in thinking is combined in the words of a prophet of God in this dispensation. It was Brigham Young, and the year was 1877, and he was speaking at April general conference. He wasn't talking about time or schedules or frustrations with too many demands upon us. Rather, he was trying to teach the members of the Church how to unite themselves in what was called the united order. The Saints were grappling with the question of how property should be distributed if they were to live the celestial law. In his usual direct style, he taught the people that they were having trouble finding solutions because they misunderstood the problem. Particularly, he told them they didn't understand either property or the distribution of wealth. Here is what he said: With regard to our property, as I have told you many times, the property which we inherit from our Heavenly Father is our time, and the power to choose in the disposition of the same. This is the real capital that is bequeathed unto us by our Heavenly Father; all the rest is what he may be pleased to add unto us. To direct, to counsel and to advise in the disposition of our time, pertains to our calling as God's servants, according to the wisdom which he has given and will continue to give unto us as we seek it. [JD 18:354] Time is the property we inherit from God, along with the power to choose what we will do with it. President Young calls the gift of life, which is time and the power to dispose of it, so great an inheritance that we should feel it is our capital. The early Yankee families in America taught their children and grandchildren some rules about an inheritance. They were always to invest the capital they inherited and live only on part of the earnings. One rule was "Never spend your capital." And those families had confidence the rule would be followed because of an attitude of responsibility toward those who would follow in later generations. It didn't always work, but the hope was that inherited wealth would be felt a trust so important that no descendent would put pleasure ahead of obligation to those who would follow. Now, I can see and hear Brigham Young, who was as flinty a New Englander as the Adams or the Cabots ever hoped to be, as if he were leaning over this pulpit tonight. He would say something like this, with a directness and power I wish I could approach: "Your inheritance is time. It is capital far more precious than any lands or stocks or houses you will ever get. Spend it foolishly, and you will bankrupt yourself and cheapen the inheritance of those that follow you. Invest it wisely, and you will bless generations to come. “A Child of Promise”, BYU Speeches, 4 May 1986”
“A life is not a waste of time”
“Seize the time  Live now! Make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.”
“For while directly we say that it [the length of human life] is ages long, we are reminded that it is briefer than the fall of a rose leaf to the ground.”
“The car was on the FDR drive now and, turning her head, she glanced out at the bleak brown buildings of the projects that stretched for blocks along the drive. Something inside her sank at the sight of all that sameness, and she suddenly felt defeated. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. In the past year, she'd started experiencing these moments of desperate emptiness, as if nothing really mattered, nothing was ever going to change, there was nothing new; and she could see her life stretching before her--one endless long day after the next, in which every day was essentially the same. Meanwhile, time was marching on, and all that was happening to her was that she was getting older and smaller, and one day she would be no bigger than a dot, and then she would simply disappear. Poof! Like a small leaf burned up under a magnifying glass in the sun. These feelings were shocking to her, because she'd never experienced world-weariness before. She'd never had time. All her life, she'd been striving and striving to become this thing that was herself--the entity that was Nico O'Neilly. And then, one morning, time had caught up with her and she had woken up and realized that she was there. She had arrived at her destination, and she had everything she'd worked so hard for: a stunning career, a loving (well, sort of) husband, whom she respected, and a beautiful eleven-year-old daughter whom she adored. She should have been thrilled. But instead, she felt tired. Like all those things belonged to someone else.”
“Since time is the one immaterial object which we cannot influence—neither speed up nor slow down, add to nor diminish—it is an imponderably valuable gift.”
“Is time the wheel that turns, or the track it leaves behind?”
“It's hard to believe. Where does the times go?' Betty sighs. 'I've always hated that phrase. It makes it would like time went on a holiday, and is expected back any day now. Time flies is another one I hate. Apparently, time does quite a bit of traveling, though.”
“[T]hen all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.”
“I am, a stride at a time. A very short space of time through very short time of space.”
“Spend more time doing things that make you forget about the time.”
“Our life is made up of time; our days are measured in hours, our pay measured by those hours, our knowledge is measured by years. We grab a few quick minutes in our busy day to have a coffee break. We rush back to our desks, we watch the clock, we live by appointments. And yet your time eventually runs out and you wonder in your heart of hearts if those seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years and decades were being spent the best way they possibly could. In other words, if you could change anything, would you?”
“One who gossips usually carries boredom in one hand and bitterness in the other.”
“Time keeps on  slippin'  slippin'  slippin' into the future.”
“Before the beginning of years There came to the making of man Time, with a gift of tears; Grief, with a glass that ran; Pleasure, with pain for leaven; Summer, with flowers that fell; Remembrance, fallen from heaven, And madness risen from hell; Strength without hands to smite; Love that endures for a breath; Night, the shadow of light, And Life, the shadow of death.”
“[When] he's here, he's always reading. He says books stop time. I myself think he's crazy Don't tell anyone, but when he reads something that he likes he gets real happy, turns on the music, and dances by himself, or with a broom sometimes.”
“Oh, September. My best girl. I shall tell you an awful, wonderful, unhappy, joyful secret: It is like that for everyone. One day you wake up and you are grown. And on the inside, you are no older than the last time you thought Wouldn't it be lovely to be all Grown-Up right this second?”
“Love, all alike, no season knows nor clime, Nor hours, days, months, which are the rags of time.”
“Stand before his grave and use your gift of breath to complain of your limited time. If you dare.”
“It’s all fine to say, “Time will heal everything, this too shall pass away. People will forget”—and things like that when you are not involved, but when you are there is no passage of time, people do not forget and you are in the middle of something that does not change.”
“The sun burnt every day. It burnt time.”
“How quick and rushing life can sometimes seem, when at the same time it's so slow and sweet and everlasting.”
“Time was something that largely happened to other people; he viewed it in the same way that people on the shore viewed the sea. It was big and it was out there, and sometimes it was an invigorating thing to dip a toe into, but you couldn't live in it all the time. Besides, it always made his skin wrinkle.”
“No need to feel guilty if you can't be a good man all the time. But anytime your heart is feeling so eager to do even a small good deed, then it might be a good chance for you… to be a better man.”
“There are so many kinds of time. The time by which we measure our lives. Months and years. Or the big time, the time that raises mountains and makes stars. Or all the things that happen between one heartbeat and the next. Its hard to live in all those kinds of times. Easy to forget that you live in all of them.”
“Nobody works better under pressure. They just work faster.”
“We ought to regard the present state of the universe as the effect of its antecedent state and as the cause of the state that is to follow. An intelligence knowing all the forces acting in nature at a given instant, as well as the momentary positions of all things in the universe, would be able to comprehend in one single formula the motions of the largest bodies as well as the lightest atoms in the world, provided that its intellect were sufficiently powerful to subject all data to analysis; to it nothing would be uncertain, the future as well as the past would be present to its eyes. The perfection that the human mind has been able to give to astronomy affords but a feeble outline of such an intelligence.”
“It's not that we have little time, but more that we waste a good deal of it.”
“How much more of the mosque, of prayer and fasting? Better go drunk and begging round the taverns. Khayyam, drink wine, for soon this clay of yours Will make a cup, bowl, one day a jar. When once you hear the roses are in bloom, Then is the time, my love, to pour the wine; Houris and palaces and Heaven and Hell- These are but fairy-tales, forget them all.”
“Sometimes we feel lonely, Like another brick Another wall Like no one needs you at all. Life isn't supposed to be like that, Just think for a while; You’re the brick the wall needs, You're a masterpiece. Open your eyes, And you'll see All the love around you; It was all the time beside you, You were too blind to realize Don´t you?”
“In a certain sense the past is far more real, or at any rate more stable, more resilient than the present. The present slips and vanishes like sand between the fingers, acquiring material weight, only in its recollection.”
“Her hands crept around his neck, tangling in his hair to keep him closer, even though she knew that beautiful boys with expiration dates couldn't be held, only borrowed for a time.”
“Déjà vu is more than just that fleeting moment of surprise, instantly forgotten because we never bother with things that make no sense. It show that time doesn't pass. It's a leap into something we have already experienced and that is being repeated.”
“Money is not the only commodity that is fun to give. We can give time, we can give our expertise, we can give our love or simply give a smile. What does that cost? The point is, none of us can ever run out of something worthwhile to give.”
“I'm not ashamed of heroic ambitions. If man and woman can only dance upon this earth for a few countable turns of the sun  let each of us be an Artemis, Odysseus, or Zeus  Aphrodite to the extent of the will of each one.”
“Because neither she nor Port had ever lived a life of any kind of regularity, they had both made the fatal error of coming hazily to regard time as non-existent. One year was like another year. Eventually everything would happen.”
“Time’s violence rends the soul; by the rent eternity enters.”
“It is too late." The old man shook his head. "It is never too late or too soon. It is when it is supposed to be." He smiled. "There is a plan, Dor.”
“Josh had told me a long time ago that he had this theory that an entire relationship was based on what occurred over the course of the first five minutes you know each other. That everything that came after those first minutes was just details being filled in. Meaning: you already knew how deep the love was, how instinctually you felt about someone. What happened in their first five minutes? Time stopped.”
“Time plays tricks between here and home," said Mogget sepulchrally, frightening the life out of the telephone operator.”
“Un, kad es paskatos uz rietiem, kāds roku man uz pleca liek : " Mums šajā dzīvē visa pietiek, mums tikai laika nepietiek.”
“My point is: maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through your fingers. So much time you can waste it. But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know.”
“The arrow of time obscures memory of both past and future circumstance with innumerable fallacies, the least trivial of which is perception.”
“For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.”
“An era can be considered over when its basic illusions have been exhausted.”
“If only one had time to think!”
“But time passes. Fear becomes a memory. Terror becomes routine; it loses its grip.”
“Time and space were, from Death's point of view, merely things that he'd heard described. When it came to Death, they ticked the box marked Not Applicable. It might help to think of the universe as a rubber sheet, or perhaps not.”
“Time travel me back. Let me say good-bye again. A minute more, a moment, a chance to see. . .”
“Not too long ago thousands spent their lives as recluses to find spiritual vision in the solitude of nature. Modern man need not become a hermit to achieve this goal, for it is neither ecstasy nor world-estranged mysticism his era demands, but a balance between quantitative and qualitative reality. Modern man, with his reduced capacity for intuitive perception, is unlikely to benefit from the contemplative life of a hermit in the wilderness. But what he can do is to give undivided attention, at times, to a natural phenomenon, observing it in detail, and recalling all the scientific facts about it he may remember. Gradually, however, he must silence his thoughts and, for moments at least, forget all his personal cares and desires, until nothing remains in his soul but awe for the miracle before him. Such efforts are like journeys beyond the boundaries of narrow self-love and, although the process of intuitive awakening is laborious and slow, its rewards are noticeable from the very first. If pursued through the course of years, something will begin to stir in the human soul, a sense of kinship with the forces of life consciousness which rule the world of plants and animals, and with the powers which determine the laws of matter. While analytical intellect may well be called the most precious fruit of the Modern Age, it must not be allowed to rule supreme in matters of cognition. If science is to bring happiness and real progress to the world, it needs the warmth of man's heart just as much as the cold inquisitiveness of his brain.”
“You could lose the ones you loved in the blink of an eye—and he was willing to bet, when it happened, you weren’t thinking about all the reasons that could have kept you apart. You thought of all the reasons that kept you together. And, no doubt, how you wished you’d had more time. Even if you’d had centuries… When you were young, you thought time was a burden, something to be discharged as fast as possible so you could be grown-up. But it was such a bait-n-switch—when you were an adult, you came to realize that minutes and hours were the single most precious thing you had. No one got forever. And it was a fucking crime to waste what you were given.”
“Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life.”
“I sound contemptuous, but I am not. I am interested--intrigued even--by the way time erases real lives, leaving only vague imprints. Blood and spirit fade away so that only names and dates remain.”
“Understanding is not absolutely final. What's now right could be wrong later.”
“Justice is the only worship. Love is the only priest. Ignorance is the only slavery. Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now, The place to be happy is here, The way to be happy is to make others so. Wisdom is the science of happiness.”
“The important thing is that man is lost in time, in the moment that immediately precedes him - which only attests, by reflection, to the fact that he is lost in the moment that follows”
“For this too I learned, that a storyteller's tale may end, but history goes on always. These events, so distant in legend, play a part in shaping the very events we witness about us, each and every day.”
“I object to being told that I am saving daylight when my reason tells me that I am doing nothing of the kind  At the back of the Daylight Saving scheme, I detect the bony, blue-fingered hand of Puritanism, eager to push people into bed earlier, and get them up earlier, to make them healthy, wealthy, and wise in spite of themselves.”
“Time talks behind our back. To our face it's friendly and logical, never hesitating to give more of itself. But when we're not looking, it steals our lives and says bad things about us to the parts of us it's stolen”
“They say that “time assuages,”— Time never did assuage; An actual suffering strengthens, As sinews do, with age. Time is a test of trouble, But not a remedy. If such it prove, it prove too There was no malady.”
“Trust is not a gasoline-soaked blanket that succumbs to the matches of betrayal, never able to be used for its warmth again; it’s a tapestry that wears thin in places, but can be patched over if you have the right materials, circumstances, and patience to repair it. If you don’t, you’re always the one who feels the coldest when winter comes.”
“Query: How contrive not to waste one's time? Answer: By being fully aware of it all the while. Ways in which this can be done: By spending one's days on an uneasy chair in a dentist's waiting-room; by remaining on one's balcony all of a Sunday afternoon; by listening to lectures in a language on doesn't know; by traveling by the longest and least-convenient train routes, and of course standing all the way; by lining up at the box-office of theaters and then not buying a seat; and so forth.”
“Each of us is aware he's a material being, subject to the laws of physiology and physics, and that the strength of all our emotions combined cannot counteract those laws. It can only hate them. The eternal belief of lovers and poets in the power of love which is more enduring that death, the finis vitae sed non amoris that has pursued us through the centuries is a lie. But this lie is not ridiculous, it's simply futile. To be a clock on the other hand, measuring the passage of time, one that is smashed and rebuilt over and again, one in whose mechanism despair and love are set in motion by the watchmaker along with the first movements of the cogs. To know one is a repeater of suffering felt ever more deeply as it becomes increasingly comical through a multiple repetitions. To replay human existence - fine. But to replay it in the way a drunk replays a corny tune pushing coins over and over into the jukebox?”
“It was not Hansu that she missed, or even Isak. What she was seeing again in her dreams was her youth, her beginning, and her wishes--so this is how she became a woman.”
“I care not that this moment’s lot was thin and sparsely dealt; all pleasures sweet can be forgot the instant they are felt.”
“Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.”
“Travellers understand, instinctively and by experience, that travel and adventure change and elongate time, even while navigating the deadlines of airline and train departures.”
“There’s been time this whole time. You can’t kill time with your heart. Everything takes time.”
“It is unworthy of excellent men to lose hours like slaves in the labour of calculation which could safely be relegated to anyone else if machines were used. (Describing, in 1685, the value to astronomers of the hand-cranked calculating machine he had invented in 1673.)”
“Time did not compose her.”
“You can’t live your life thinking death is going to come all the time. You have to live life and if it comes, then we can only hope we were able to do all the things we wanted. He has to want to do something. Everyone does.”
“Person A understand Person B because the time is right for that to happen, not because Person B wants to be understood by Person A.”
“She has that quality, does the Hudson, as I imagine all great rivers do: the deep, abiding sense that those activities what take place on shore among human beings are of the moment, passing, and aren't the stories by way of which the greater tale of this planet will, in the end, be told.”
“My best day ever. Got up. Had breakfast. Came to school. Bored, as usual. Wishing I wasn't there, like usual. Kids ignoring me, suits me fine. Sitting with the other retards—we’re so special. Wasting my time. Yesterday was the same, and it's gone, anyway. Tomorrow may never come. There is only today. This is the best day and the worst day. Actually it's crap.”
“He told me that from now on, everything I did and everything he did was of the utmost importance: any word spoken, the slightest gesture, would take on a meaning, and everything that happened between us would change us continually. 'For that reason,'he said,'I wish I were able to suspend time at this moment and keep things exactly at this point, because I feel this instant is a true beginning. We have a definite but unknown quantity of experience at our disposal. As soon as the hourglass is turned, the sand will begin to run out and once it starts, it cannot stop until it's all gone. That's why I wish I could hold it back at the start. We should make a minimum of gestures, pronounce a minimum of words, even see each other as seldom as possible, if that would prolong things. We don't know how much of everything we have ahead of us so we have to take the greatest precautions not to destroy the beauty of what we have. Everything exists in limited quantity-especially happiness. If a love is to come into being, it is all written down somewhere, and also its duration and content. If you could arrive at the complete intensity the first day, it would be ended the first day. And so if it's something you want so much that you'd like to have it prolonged in time, you must be extremely careful not to make the slightest excessive demand that might prevent it from developing to the greatest extent over the longest period If the wings of the butterfly are to keep their sheen, you mustn't touch them. We mustn't abuse something which is to bring light into both our lives. Everything else in my life only weighs me down and shuts out the light. This thing wih you seems like a window that is opening up. I want it to remain open ”
“Knowing you are alive is watching on every side your generation's short time falling away as fast as rivers drop through air, and feeling it hit.”
“We’re both as tall as most men here in 1801, so we can make it work.”
“She needed Andrew Simpson Smith, it was that simple. And he had spent his life training to help people like her. Gods. "Okay, Andrew. But let's leave today. I'm in a hurry." "Of course. Today." He stroked the place where his slight beard was beginning to grow. "These ruins where your friends are waiting? Where are they?" Tally glances up at the sun, still low enough to indicate the eastern horizon. After a moment's calculation, she pointed off to the northwest, back toward the city and beyond that, the Rusty Ruins. "About a week's walk that way." "A week?" "That means seven days." "Yes, I know the gods' calendar," he said huffily. "But a whole week?" "Yeah. That's not so far, is it?" The hunters had been tireless on their march the night before. He shook his head, an awed expression on his face. "But that is beyond the edge of the world.”
“ And meanwhile the Galaxy ran through space and left behind those signs old and new and I still hadn't found mine.”
“When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection.”
“I've changed my ways a little, I cannot now Run with you in the evenings along the shore, Except in a kind of dream, and you, if you dream a moment, You see me there.”
“Wonder is the heaviest element on the periodic table. Even a tiny fleck of it stops time.”
“there's time for laughing and there's time for crying— for hoping for despair for peace for longing —a time for growing and a time for dying: a night for silence and a day for singing but more than all(as all your more than eyes tell me)there is a time for timelessness”
“ To His Coy Mistress Had we but world enough and time, This coyness, lady, were no crime. We would sit down, and think which way To walk, and pass our long love’s day. Thou by the Indian Ganges’ side Shouldst rubies find; I by the tide Of Humber would complain. I would Love you ten years before the flood, And you should, if you please, refuse Till the conversion of the Jews. My vegetable love should grow Vaster than empires and more slow; An hundred years should go to praise Thine eyes, and on thy forehead gaze; Two hundred to adore each breast, But thirty thousand to the rest; An age at least to every part, And the last age should show your heart. For, lady, you deserve this state, Nor would I love at lower rate. But at my back I always hear Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near; And yonder all before us lie Deserts of vast eternity. Thy beauty shall no more be found; Nor, in thy marble vault, shall sound My echoing song; then worms shall try That long-preserved virginity, And your quaint honour turn to dust, And into ashes all my lust; The grave’s a fine and private place, But none, I think, do there embrace. Now therefore, while the youthful hue Sits on thy skin like morning dew, And while thy willing soul transpires At every pore with instant fires, Now let us sport us while we may, And now, like amorous birds of prey, Rather at once our time devour Than languish in his slow-chapped power. Let us roll all our strength and all Our sweetness up into one ball, And tear our pleasures with rough strife Thorough the iron gates of life: Thus, though we cannot make our sun Stand still, yet we will make him run.”
“Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT”
“The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions that we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it; and habit fills up what remains.”
“Time. There is much time left and lots of life seasons. There is much to see, to do, and to be.”
“Procrastination is also a subtle act of corruption – it corrupts valuable time”
“The most precious thing I have to give is my time.”
“But some relationships aren't meant to last. They are worthy only till the time the two persons involved have time for each other. They do not know eternity. They live for the present, the "now". And when distance plays it part, or life turns out to be busy, they fall apart. And may be that's why they're never termed "LOVE". They simply remain what they were - mere RELATIONSHIPS.”
“Nick  I hope one day you find you a woman who loves you like my Melissa loved me. Whatever you do, boy, don't turn your back on her. If she says she needs you for something, don't matter how stupid it sounds or what deadline you got, you go to her and you do it. Screw work or whatever else. In the end, the only things that matter are the people in your life. The ones who make your life worth living and whose smiles light up your world. Don't ever push them aside for fair-weather friends. Everything else is just cheap window dressing that you can replace. But once them people are gone " He winced. "You can't buy back time, Nick. Ever. It's the only thing in life you can't get more of, and it's the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it's gone. It takes pity on no soul and no heart. And all those fools who tell you it gets easier in time are lying dumb-asses. Losing someone you really love don't never get easier. You just go a few hours longer without breaking down. That's all  that's all. - Bubba”
“There are no telegraphs on Tralfamadore. But you're right: each clump of symbols is a brief, urgent message-- describing a situation, a scene. We Tralfamadorians read them all at once, not one after the other. There isn't any particular relationship between all the messages, except that the author has chosen them carefully, so that, when seen all at once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There is no beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we love in our books are the depths of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.”
“Who do you spend time with? Criticizers or encouragers? Surround yourself with those who believe in you. Your life is too important for anything less.”
“We’ve been granted the mental capacities to make almost infinitely ambitious plans, yet practically no time at all to put them into action.”
“Art is long, and Time is fleeting.”
“But thoughts the slave of life, and life, Time’s fool, And Time, that takes survey of all the world, Must have a stop.”
“How preposterous and ruthless time is; just a slight hesitation, and it will strip your life down. You will be left heartbroken, and there will be no turning back.”
“But that’s the trouble with moments—they end." ~Narrator”
“When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.”
“The summer stretched out the daylight as if on a rack. Each moment was drawn out until its anatomy collapsed. Time broke down. The day progressed in an endless sequence of dead moments.”
“El amor es una epidemia que se acaba con el tiempo.”
“Time does not give one much leeway: it thrusts us forward from behind, blows us through the narrow tunnel of the present into the future. But space is broad, teeming with possibilities, positions, intersections, passages, detours, U-turns, dead-ends, one-way streets. Too many possibilities, indeed.”
“Get out of your mind and become crazy about your future in a creative way!”
“We can no longer create the feeling of an era of time being particular to one spot in time.”
“Knowing you don't have much time left changes things. You get kind of philosophical. And you figure things out-more like, they figure themselves out-and everything gets real clear.”
“Time had changed the magical to mundane”
“Christmas time! That man must be a misanthrope indeed, in whose breast something like a jovial feeling is not roused—in whose mind some pleasant associations are not awakened—by the recurrence of Christmas. There are people who will tell you that Christmas is not to them what it used to be; that each succeeding Christmas has found some cherished hope, or happy prospect, of the year before, dimmed or passed away; that the present only serves to remind them of reduced circumstances and straitened incomes—of the feasts they once bestowed on hollow friends, and of the cold looks that meet them now, in adversity and misfortune. Never heed such dismal reminiscences. There are few men who have lived long enough in the world who cannot call up such thoughts any day of the year. Then do not select the merriest of the three hundred and sixty-five for your doleful recollections, but draw your chair nearer the blazing fire—fill the glass and send round the song—and if your room be smaller than it was a dozen years ago, or if your glass be filled with reeking punch, instead of sparkling wine, put a good face on the matter, and empty it offhand, and fill another, and troll off the old ditty you used to sing, and thank God it’s no worse.”
“TJ frowns; she can’t write about willing wind and water in the official report. Voicing elements is a rumor. However, she remembers what her grandmother said five decades ago when she was a child; (it was shortly after the war): “Anyone who trains hard can be a Grade A by the time they’re forty or fifty. But it takes decades more to become strong enough to voice one element.” “One element?” TJ asked. “Do you want to voice the entire universe then?” “Can’t I?” Grandmother didn’t answer, not directly anyway, as most great masters do. They never say you can’t do this or no one can do that or that thing is impossible just because they couldn’t do it, or because they hadn’t found it yet. True masters answer differently. Wisely. Like her grandmother answered that day. “Do you know why we evolve, Tirity?” “Because we’re supposed to?” TJ replied. “Yes. It’s in the grand design. We’re ‘supposed to’ evolve. Not just in body, but also in mind,” she said. “In time. You see, time is the key. If given infinite time, you can evolve your mind infinitely. But we live only for a hundred years or so.” “A hundred years is ‘only’?” “You’re so young, Tirity! But yes, it is little for a complete cognitive evolution. Most hard trainers can prolong it to a couple of hundred years. They even get to call the wind or grow a giant plant that could touch the clouds. But voicing everything in the universe? I think only God can do it, the God who created everything with only words. And if God created the world so that he could see how far the humans can evolve, then I’d say, yes, even a human could get godly power. Godlier than voicing one or two elements. If. Given. The. Time.” “How much time?” “More than thousands of years, maybe. Could even need millions, who knows? …” TJ smiles drily; she remembers how her eyes sparkled at the thought of becoming a goddess who could voice everything. She dreamed of flying in the air or walking in space. She thought of making her own garden full of giant flowers where only enormous butterflies would dance. Some days, when she played video games in VR, she even dreamed of voicing the thunder and lightning to join her wooden sword. She thought time could help her do it. But she didn’t know then, time only makes you grow up. Time steals your dreams. Time only turns you into an adult.”
“I am born anew at each green fall of the die, and by die-ing I eliminate my since. The past - paste, pus, piss - is all only illusory events created by a stone mask to justify an illusory stagnant present.”
“The most important thing I learnt on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present, and future, always have existed, always will exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just the way we can look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever. When any Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a bad condition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of other moments.”
“There is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and it will be lost.”
“ It is a peculiarity of knitters that they chronically underestimate the amount of time it takes to knit something. Birthday on Saturday? No problem. Socks are small. Never mind that the average sock knit out of sock-weight yarn contains about 17,000 stitches. Never mind that you need two of them. (That's 34,000 stitches, for anybody keeping track.) Socks are only physically small. By stitch count, they are immense.”
“If you don't write when you don't have time for it, you won't write when you do have time for it.”
“My mom said the moon landing was faked,” said Eddie. “But she also said she saw Jackie Kennedy, Jimmy Hoffa, Elvis and Bigfoot at the IHOP out by the interstate. Elvis picked up the check.”
“But Time, unfortunately, though it makes animals and vegetables bloom and fade with amazing punctuality, has no such simple effect upon the mind of man. The mind of man, moreover, works with equal strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented on the timepiece of the mind by one second.”
“Today is an ephemeral ghost  A strange amazing day that comes only once every four years. For the rest of the time it does not "exist." In mundane terms, it marks a "leap" in time, when the calendar is adjusted to make up for extra seconds accumulated over the preceding three years due to the rotation of the earth. A day of temporal tune up! But this day holds another secret—it contains one of those truly rare moments of delightful transience and light uncertainty that only exist on the razor edge of things, along a buzzing plane of quantum probability  A day of unlocked potential. Will you or won't you? Should you or shouldn't you? Use this day to do something daring, extraordinary and unlike yourself. Take a chance and shape a different pattern in your personal cloud of probability!”
“The youthful body untouched decays the fastest, for no living hands record its splendor; and here youth and time are wasted.”
“I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see. The longer I live, the more my mind dwells upon the beauty and the wonder of the world.”
“Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand - and melting like a snowflake. Let us use it before it is too late.”
“ people change, even good people, if they get the wrong thing in their head. And not everything is always what it looks like and sometimes just because one person looks weak, they might be very strong, and another person might look like a spooky freak but he might be one of the kindest people you'd ever meet. And I guess I learned that time is slippery We have to enjoy every second, love with all our hearts, all we can, while we can.”
“And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me.”
“But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.”
“History overflows time. Love overflows the allowance of the world. All the vessels overflow, and no end or limit stays put. Every shakable thing has got to be shaken. In a sense, nothing that was ever lost in Port William ever has been replaced. In another sense, nothing is ever lost, and we are compacted together forever, even by our failures, our regrets, and our longings.”
“When the rare chance comes, seize it To do the rare deed.”
“What are you that makes me feel thus? Who are you for whom time has no meaning?”
“It's funny, I don't feel any older than I did when I was twenty. But I know I am, because recently some twenty-year-old called me 'sir.' Sometimes the only way you know you are getting older is by the way others treat you.”
“This world is out of date”
“We have trained them to think of the Future as a promised land which favored heroes attain-not as something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.”
“Fear of death is form of stasis horrors. The dead weight of time.”
“She had the bizarre feeling of time bending all around her, as though she was from the past reading about the future, or from the future reading about the past.”
“When days seem like years and years feel like days.”
“Also, though not over-elderly, he was not over-young.”
“This web of time – the strands of which approach one another, bifurcate, intersect or ignore each other through the centuries – embraces every possibility. We do not exist in most of them. In some you exist and not I, while in others I do, and you do not.”
“The physical reinvention of the world is endless, relentless, fascinating, exhaustive; nothing that seems solid is. If you could stand at just a little distance in time, how fluid and shape-shifting physical reality would be, everything hurrying into some other form, even concrete, even stone.”
“What is it about the moment you fall in love? How can such a small measure of time contain such enormity?”
“Perhaps it was one of those mild, sunny winter days when you have a feeling of holiday and eternity-the illusory feeling that the course of time is suspended, and that you need only slip through this breach to escape the trap that is closing around you.”
“Time, which grays hair and wrinkles faces, also withers violent affections, and much more quickly.”
“We’re gonna make up for that. We’re gonna live a long time together.”
“Time is passing. My life is moving on, no matter how much I want it to stay the same.”
“The first step towards mastering time is always to make time meaningless”
“Any moment called now is always full of possibles.”
“Foolishness sleeps soundly, while knowledge turns with each thinking hour, longing for the dawn of answers.”
“The concept of time, as it’s commonly understood by normal people with normal jobs and normal goddamn lives, doesn’t exist on the road. The nights spread out like the dark, godforsaken highways that distinguish them, and the days run together like Thanksgiving dinner smothered in gravy. You never really know where you are or what time it is, and the outside world starts to fade away. It’s cool.”
“There is only now. And look! How rich we are in it.”
“The lives of all people flow through time, and, regardless of how brutal one moment may be, how filled with grief or pain or fear, time flows through all lives equally.”
“Everyday is one less day.”
“What is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare.”
“Silence. How long it lasted, I couldn't tell. It might have been five seconds, it might have been a minute. Time wasn't fixed. It wavered, stretched, shrank. Or was it me that wavered, stretched, and shrank in the silence? I was warped in the folds of time, like a reflection in a fun house mirror.”
“Occasionally we all do wrong things from right motives. Only time can prove us right or wrong. The past is the past. Nothing can change it now, and who is to say that it was all wrong, anyway?”
“Six a.m.!" Xander cried. "I know that's a number on my clock, but I've never actually been awake to personally witness it!”
“Der Augenblick ist zeitlos.”
“I do not know what she was thinking, but I was remembering the years we have lived together, yet never together, and what a waste they have been--of each other, and of love, which is the most unpardonable waste there is. Love and time, those are the only two things in all the world and all of life that cannot be bought, but only spent.”
“Everyone just wasting time because they have so much of it to waste, minutes slipping by on who's with who and did you hear.”
“Waiting. Simply one person doing nothing, over time, while another approached.”
“Time. I would have gone somewhere to buy time.”
“She would fain have caught at the skirts of that departing time, and prayed it to return, and give her back what she had too little valued while it was yet in her possession. What a vain show Life seemed! How unsubstantial, and flickering, and flitting! It was as if from some aerial belfry, high up above the stir and jar of the earth, there was a bell continually tolling, ‘All are shadows!—all are passing!—all is past!”
“Actuality is when the lighthouse is dark between flashes: it is the instant between the ticks of the watch: it is a void interval slipping forever through time: the rupture between past and future: the gap at the poles of the revolving magnetic field, infinitesimally small but ultimately real. It is the interchronic pause when nothing is happening. It is the void between events.”
“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”
“We are preoccupied with time. If we could learn to love space as deeply as we are now obsessed with time, we might discover a new meaning in the phrase 'to live like men.”
“Procrasdemon will steal the most valuable asset you have - time.”
“Understand one thing – the time is the only actual currency you have. Even though it might be daunting for some people, it’s the ultimate truth.”
“There were timelines branching and branching, a mega-universe of universes, millions more every minute. Billions? Trillions? The universe split every time someone made a decision. Split, so that every decision ever made could go both ways. Every choice made by every man, woman, and child was reversed in the universe next door.”
“I had drunk much wine and afterward coffee and Strega and I explained, winefully, how we did not do the things we wanted to do; we never did such things.”
“The humans live in time but our Enemy destines them to eternity. He therefore, I believe, wants them to attend chiefly to two things, to eternity itself, and to that point of time which they call the Present. For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity. Of the present moment, and of it only, humans have an experience analogous to the experience which our Enemy has of reality of whole; in it alone freedom and actuality are offered to them. ”
“I prefer solitude to companions, since there are so few men who are trustworthy, and almost none truly learned. I do not say this because I demand scholarship in all men -- although the sum total of men's learning is small enough; but I question whether we should allow anyone to waste our time. The wasting of time is an abomination.”
“agar vaght ra talaf konid zamani fara miresad ke vaght shoma ra talaf mikonad.”
“We teach our child many things I don’t believe in, and almost nothing I do believe in. We teach punctuality, particularly if the enforcement of it disturbs the peace. My father taught me, by example, that the greatest defeat in life was to miss a train. Only after many years did I learn that an escaping train carries away with it nothing vital to my health. Railroad trains are such magnificent objects we commonly mistake them for Destiny.”
“What's the use of crying, and retching, and belching, all day long, like your lady downstairs? Life has its sad side, and we must take the rough with the smooth. Why, maids have died on their marriage eve, or, what's worse, bringing their first baby into the world, and the world's wagged on all the same. Life's sad enough, in all conscience, but there's nothing to be frightened about in it or to turn one's stomach. I was country-bred, and as my old granny used to say, "There's no clock like the sun and no calendar like the stars." And why? Because it gets one used to the look of Time. There's no bogey from over the hills that scares one like Time. But when one's been used all one's life to seeing him naked, as it were, instead of shut up in a clock, like he is in Lud, one learns that he is as quiet and peaceful as an old ox dragging the plough. And to watch Time teaches one to sing. They say the fruit from over the hills makes one sing. I've never tasted so much as a sherd of it, but for all that I can sing.”
“Even time can be smelled and seen if you are observant, if you know how to smell the abstract. And if you do, you risk exposure to a certain addiction. The addiction to smell.”
“ Temporis filia veritas; cui me obstetricari non pudet . Truth is the daughter of time, and I feel no shame in being her midwife.”
“But words are things, and a small drop of ink, Falling like dew, upon a thought, produces That which makes thousands, perhaps millions, think; ’T is strange, the shortest letter which man uses Instead of speech, may form a lasting link Of ages; to what straits old Time reduces Frail man, when paper — even a rag like this, Survives himself, his tomb, and all that’s his.”
“Love is spelt T.I.M.E.”
“We both wondered whether these contradictions that one can't avoid if one begins to think of time and space may not really be proofs that the whole of life is a dream, and the moon and stars bits of nightmare.”
“You can’t buy time, Nick. Ever. It’s the only thing in life you can’t get most of, and it’s the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it’s gone. It takes no pity on no soul and no heart.”
“Is déjà vu actually the specter of false timelines that never happened but did, casting their shadows upon reality?”
“The moment seemed endless, but it was probably only half that.”
“Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully.”
“So one must be resigned to being a clock that measures the passage of time, now out of order, now repaired, and whose mechanism generates despair and love as soon as its maker sets it going? Are we to grow used to the idea that every man relives ancient torments, which are all the more profound because they grow comic with repetition? That human existence should repeat itself, well and good, but that it should repeat itself like a hackneyed tune, or a record a drunkard keeps playing as he feeds coins into the jukebox ”
“Day is just a collection of hours.”
“Now I wonder if it means that the future is a place, or like a place, that I could go to; that is go to in some way other than just getting older.”
“I congratulate myself on not having arrived into the world until the present time. This age suits my taste.”
“Maybe nothing ever happens once and is finished. Maybe happen is never once but like ripples maybe on water after the pebble sinks, the ripples moving on, spreading, the pool attached by a narrow umbilical water-cord to the next pool which the first pool feeds, has fed, did feed, let this second pool contain a different temperature of water, a different molecularity of having seen, felt, remembered, reflect in a different tone the infinite unchanging sky, it doesn’t matter: that pebble’s watery echo whose fall it did not even see moves across its surface too at the original ripple-space, to the old ineradicable rhythm”
“We have to forego some good things in order to choose others that are better or best because they develop faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and strengthen our families.”
“I can't talk you in terms of time --your time and my time are different”
“Above a certain level of income, the relative value of material consumption vis-a-vis leisure time is diminished, so earning a higher income at the cost of working longer hours may reduce the quality of your life. More importantly, the fact that the citizens of a country work longer than others in comparable countries does not necessarily mean that they like working longer hours. They may be compelled to work long hours, even if they actually want to take longer holidays.”
“Is it later yet?”
“Time heals even the deepest wounds.”
“Time turns our lies into truths.”
“Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.”
“There is simply no problem of life; it is absolutely purposeless play; it doesn't have to continue; there is no reason whatever to explain it, for explanations are just another form of complexity, a new manifestation of life on top of life, gestures gesturing. If there is any problem at all it is to find out how people come to think there is a problem, whatever made them imagine that life is serious. Basically there is the gesture. Time, space, multiplicity are all complications of it. Pain and suffering are very far-out forms of play, and there just isn't anything at all to be afraid of. There isn't any ego. The ego is a kind of flip, knowing that you know — like being afraid of being afraid. It's a curlicue, an extra jazz to things, a sort of double take or reverberation, a dithering of consciousness which is the same as anxiety.”
“فأنا بدون القراءة، قراءة أي شيء، شأني شأن مدمن لا يجد سيجارة. لا أعرف كيف أنسى الوقت وأجعله غير مسموع في انتظام قلبي ونفسي.”
“A person, for example, reads in adulthood a book that is important for him, and it makes him say, "How could I have lived without reading it!" and also, "What a pity I did not read it in my youth!" Well, these statements do not have much meaning, especially the second, because after he has read that book, his life becomes the life of a person who has read that book, and it is of little importance whether he read it early or late, because now his life before that reading also assumes a form shaped by that reading.”
“Monotony is the most beautiful or the most atrocious thing. The most beautiful if it is a reflection of eternity--the most atrocious if it is the sign of an unvarying perpetuity. It is time surpassed or time sterilized.”
“We never shall have any more time. We have, and we have always had, all the time there is.”
“Opportunity makes the man”
“Given that life is so short, do I really want to spend one-ninetieth of my remaining days on earth reading Edward Gibbon?”
“But then comes a time when forgetting isn't possible. And I do mean a particular time when no amount of dreaming, not then and maybe not ever, can change how naked and unimportant we become in our own eyes.”
“Grief doesn't kill, love doesn't kill; but time kills everything, kills desire, kills sorrow, kills in the end the mind that feels them; wrinkels and softens the body while it still lives, tots it like a medlar, kills it too at last.”
“Time passes, people leave, we become alone again. If we don't accept that fact, memory erodes the present and exhausts the mind until it ages us and ails us.”
“Time doesn't heal all wounds, only distance can lessen the sting of them.”
“Can't bring back time. Like holding water in your hand.”
“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“Anyone who believes that a second is faster than a decade did not live life.”
“Time has a different meaning for me, and these events that seem so monumental in the moment will one day be nothing more than a line in a scroll. These humans are but letters to be inked into history. A hundred years from now, I will be free. I will have forgotten their names and faces, and the struggles they have will not matter. Time has a way of burying things, shifting like the desert and swallowing entire civilizations, erasing them from map and memory. Always, in the end, everything returns to dust.”
“Whatever I learned, Whatever I knew, Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew, Away in some dilemma, Always in some confusion, The purpose of this life, Seems like an illusion!”
“Every flower blooms at a different pace.”
“There is so little time. We need to make every moment count.”
“Most of us take for granted that time flies, meaning that it passes too quickly. But in the mindful state, time doesn't really pass at all. There is only a single instant of time that keeps renewing itself over and over with infinite variety.”
“As a breath on glass, - As witch-fires that burn, The gods and monsters pass, Are dust, and return. (“The Face of the Skies”)”
“It has been a week since Ami died and this morning I woke suddenly hours before dawn, indeed the same hour as when my mother died. It was not a dream that woke me, but a thought. And with that thought I could swear I heard Ami's voice. But I am not frightened. I am joyous. Joyous with realization. For I cannot help but think what a lucky person I am. Imagine that in all the eons of time, in all the possible universes of which Dara speaks, of all the stars in the heavens, Ami and I came together for one brief and shining sliver of time. I stop. I think. Supposing in the grand infinity of this universe two particles of life, Ami and me, swirl endlessly like grains of sand in the oceans of the world -- how much of a chance is there for these two particles, these two grains of sand, to collide, to rest briefly together  at the same moment in time? That is what happened with Ami and me  this miracle of chance.”
“If ever I to the moment shall say: Beautiful moment, do not pass away! Then you may forge your chains to bind me, Then I will put my life behind me, Then let them hear my death-knell toll, Then from your labours you'll be free, The clock may stop, the clock-hands fall, And time come to an end for me!”
“A relationship that is truly genuine does not keep changing its colors. Real gold never rusts. If a relationship is really solid and golden, it will be unbreakable. Not even Time can destroy its shine.”
“Time is merely a feature of our memories and expectations.”
“I’ll test the station the day after tomorrow. If it’s good, we’ll make the jump the day after that. So three days. I need three days.”
“They say time will make all this go away. But it's time that's taken my tomorrow, and turned them into yesterday.”
“Punctuality is the thief of time.”
“Let your heart shine even more than your face. The beautiful contents of your heart can never be forgotten, but your face will be a history.”
“If you work without being distracted, you can do so much in one hour. Something that is not even achievable in a month, especially if you are not living with a Procrasdemon – a blood curdling time-wasting machine.”
“In this world, one of the biggest illusions that we live in is that we have unlimited time. With that mindset, we are uncontrolled to waste it as much as we can.”
“Maybe you will be able to rebuild everything you have lost. But time, my friend, is always ticking. And remember, no matter what you do, you will never be able to win it back again.”
“Time doesn't stop or give warning. It simply ticks along, marking time, ignoring humanity.”
“Procrasdemon has the power to actually make you waste your entire life doing purposeless things, and the worst part is that you won't even be aware of this.”
“Have you heard the story of the man who wasted his life taking drugs and playing Sudoku, and when he realized that he could do something meaningful, he worked hard and even got his time back? There isn’t one because you can’t get your time back.”
“When men shake hands with time, time crushes Them like tumblers; little pieces of glass.”
“Time is non-renewable.”
“The time you profligate in procrastinating is the actual wealth you are wasting.”
“Миналото е въпрос на тълкуване. Бъдещето е илюзия. Светът не се движи като по права черта през времето и не върви от миналото към бъдещето. Обратното, времето се движи на безкрайни спирали през и вътре в нас. Вечността не е безкрайно време, тя е безвремие. Ако искаш да постигнеш вечно просветление, премахни от съзнанието си миналото и бъдещето и живей в настоящия миг.”
“Love is circumstantial; we can love anyone if need be; and losing the one we love is the singular catastrophe. Time does not heal it. Every present moment yearns for even the roughest past.”
“They say you start weaving clearer, sharper memories after you've been to a place at least twice. Because then the reflection is more of validation. Let the rush come to you and let your senses be flushed the first time. There will be time for reflection after you've had your fill.”
“The most inefficient and self-harming thing a person can do is go out looking for love. Let it find you when the time is right and you're out doing what you love to do. Only then will you find it in its truest form.”
“The days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.”
“Nothing makes time pass or shortens the way like a thought that absorbs in itself all the faculties of the one who is thinking. External existence is then like a sleep of which this thought is the dream. Under its influence, time has no more measure, space has no more distance.”
“  the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future.”
“Time obliterates the fictions of opinion and confirms the decisions of nature.”
“Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?”
“A while ago?” Anaxantis asked. “Yes, he raped me a while ago. Exactly nine months and two days ago. What's that? Nine months or nine minutes. It's the same. And it is in the past, you say? Then why is it still happening, every day, every time I close my eyes? Every time I hear someone behind me, and I don't know who it is? How is it that I get an almost irresistible urge to kill anyone who happens to touch me unexpectedly? Tell me, Hemarchidas, how do I forgive, let alone forget, something that is still happening, that keeps happening over and over? How? How do I do that?”
“Our days are numbered. One of the primary goals in our lives should be to prepare for our last day. The legacy we leave is not just in our possessions, but in the quality of our lives. What preparations should we be making now? The greatest waste in all of our earth, which cannot be recycled or reclaimed, is our waste of the time that God has given us each day.”
“These wrinkles are nothing These gray hairs are nothing, This stomach which sags with old food, these bruised and swollen ankles, my darkening brain, they are nothing. I am the same boy my mother used to kiss.”
“I got tired of feeling like Dracula. I wanted to see some daylight, and not just at six o’clock in the morning.”
“A man that is young in years may be old in hours if he have lost no time. ”
“If the whole world I once could see On free soil stand, with the people free Then to the moment might I say, Linger awhile. . .so fair thou art.”
“Our nemesis is time, against which we have a single ally, memory, and even it betrays us.”
“The thought came over me that never would one full and absolute moment, containing all the others, justify my life, that all of my instants would be provisional phases, annihilators of the past turned to face the future, and that beyond the episodic, the present, the circumstantial, we were nobody.”
“When a country is defeated, there remain only mountains and rivers, and on a ruined castle in spring only grasses thrive. I sat down on my hat and wept bitterly till I almost forgot time. A thicket of summer grass Is all that remains Of the dreams and ambitions Of ancient warriors.”
“God schedules a birthday, not man.”
“Maybe the more emotions a person experiences in their daily lives, the longer time seems to feel to them. As you get older, you experience fewer new things, and so time seems to go by faster.”
“Nature never rushes, yet everything gets done.”
“Every second counts”
“Endings are abstruse, mystic and unreal. They are but depleted beginnings purposed to be substituted with newer ones.A transition of outlook and time, similar to our differing moods before and after slumber. Before the act we witness an exhaustion, a sulkiness but on gaining consciousness, we’re rejuvenated and good humored. The wakefulness is the new beginning whereas the tension the disturbance we perceive each night is the weariness of the beginnings, of each day. So there never really is an end, all that there are are beginnings.Beginnings which are promising, which offer hope, which have a new leash on life, which neither denounce nor belittle rather soothe and console by reconstructing the broken pieces of yesterday, mending them and reinforcing them with courage and beauty like never before.”
“Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils  ”
“Time is like a river flowing endlessly through the universe. And if you poled your flatboat in that river you might fight your way against the current and travel upstream into the past. Or go with the flow and rush into the future. This was in a less cynical time before toxic waste dumping and pollution filled the waterway of Chronus with the detritus of empty hours wasted minutes years of repetition and time that has been killed.”
“This was long before the term 'single-parent family' came into use; back then it was a 'broken home' ”
“What we call 'time' isn't chronological but spatial; what we call 'death' is merely a transition between different kinds of matter.”
“If you have sixty seconds worth of distance run!”
“The future is a split second away.”
“What makes the prospect of death distinctive in the modern age is the background of permanent technological and sociological revolution against which it is set, and which serves to strip us of any possible faith in the permanence of our labours. Our ancestors could believe that their achievements had a chance of bearing up against the flow of events. We know time to be a hurricane. Our buildings, our sense of style, our ideas, all of these will soon enough be anachronisms, and the machines in which we now take inordinate pride will seem no less bathetic than Yorick's skull.”
“Laiki nav svarīgi. Svarīgs ir cilvēks.”
“Time is like the Mississippi River. It only flows in one direction. You can never go back.”
“Men who work at Time have a life expectancy which is not long said the young man from Newsweek”
“Things take the time they take. Don't worry. How many roads did St. Augustine follow before he became St. Augustine?”
“There are little pockets of old time in London, where things and places stay the same, like bubbles in amber,” she explained. “There’s a lot of time in London, and it has to go somewhere—it doesn’t all get used up at once.” “I may still be hung over,” sighed Richard. “That almost made sense.”
“The time would not pass. Somebody was playing with the clocks, and not only the electronic clocks but the wind-up kind too. The second hand on my watch would twitch once, and a year would pass, and then it would twitch again. There was nothing I could do about it. As an Earthling I had to believe whatever clocks said -and calendars.”
“I have not been able to discover whether there exists a precise French equivalent for the common Anglo-American expression 'killing time.' It's a very crass and breezy expression, when you ponder it for a moment, considering that time, after all, is killing us.”
“Did I live the spring I’d sought? It’s true in joy, I walked along, took part in dance, and sang the song. and never tried to bind an hour to my borrowed garden bower; nor did I once entreat a day to slumber at my feet. Yet days aren’t lulled by lyric song, like morning birds they pass along, o’er crests of trees, to none belong; o’er crests of trees of drying dew, their larking flight, my hands, eschew Thus I’ll say it once and true… From all that I saw, and everywhere I wandered, I learned that time cannot be spent, It only can be squandered.”
“There is nowhere morning does not go.”
“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
“When the last autumn of Dickens's life was over, he continued to work through his final winter and into spring. This is how all of us writers give away the days and years and decades of our lives in exchange for stacks of paper with scratches and squiggles on them. And when Death calls, how many of us would trade all those pages, all that squandered lifetime-worth of painfully achieved scratches and squiggles, for just one more day, one more fully lived and experienced day? And what price would we writers pay for that one extra day spent with those we ignored while we were locked away scratching and squiggling in our arrogant years of solipsistic isolation? Would we trade all those pages for a single hour? Or all of our books for one real minute?”
“Sometimes exhaustion is not a result of too much time spent on something, but of knowing that in its place, no time is spent on something else.”
“… for overstrong was the command to hold fast to each smallest particle of time, to the smallest particle of every circumstance, and to embody all of them in memory as if they could be preserved in memory through all deaths for all times.”
“Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together; that at length they may emerge, full-formed and majestic, into the daylight of Life, which they are thenceforth to rule. Not William the Silent only, but all the considerable men I have known, and the most undiplomatic and unstrategic of these, forbore to babble of what they were creating and projecting. Nay, in thy own mean perplexities, do thou thyself but hold thy tongue for one day: on the morrow, how much clearer are thy purposes and duties; what wreck and rubbish have those mute workmen within thee swept away, when intrusive noises were shut out! Speech is too often not, as the Frenchman defined it, the art of concealing Thought; but of quite stifling and suspending Thought, so that there is none to conceal. Speech too is great, but not the greatest. As the Swiss Inscription says: Sprecfien ist silbern, Schweigen ist golden (Speech is silvern, Silence is golden); or as I might rather express it: Speech is of Time, Silence is of Eternity.”
“Time has always been the greatest ally to Truth, because Time eventually relieves and reveals all.”
“The huge round lunar clock was a gristmill. Shake down all the grains of Time—the big grains of centuries, and the small grains of years, and the tiny grains of hours and minutes—and the clock pulverized them, slid Time silently out in all directions in a fine pollen, carried by cold winds to blanket the town like dust, everywhere. Spores from that clock lodged in your flesh to wrinkle it, to grow bones to monstrous size, to burst feet from shoes like turnips. Oh, how that great machine…dispensed Time in blowing weathers.”
“Had we but world enough, and time”
“You can never heal completely. The scars will always stay behind, just to remind how cruel the time was once to you. But someday, you will learn to see beauty in the world that gave you these scars. And your eyes will shine with no lies in it. That day, you become beautiful. With baring all the scars, Which you always tried to hide from everyone.”
“Perhaps life is like an hour glass, with dear ones the sand that slips from the upper glass--the earth--into the second--eternity.”
“I guarantee you that after you die you will not say 'I spent too much time praying; I wish I had watched more TV instead.”
“The snow filled the air with a soft grey-blue mist, softening the wind and gunfire, bringing the earth and sky together into one swaying blur. The snow fell on Bach's shoulders; it was as though flakes of silence were falling on the still Volga, on the dead city, on the skeletons of horses. It was snowing everywhere, on earth and on the stars; the whole universe was full of snow. Everything was disappearing beneath it: guns, the bodies of the dead, filthy dressings, rubble, scraps of twisted iron. This soft, white snow settling over the carnage of the city was time itself; the present was turning into the past, and there was no future.”
“What could I say? Maybe this: the man hunched over his motorcycle can focus only on the present instant of his flight; he is caught in a fragment of time cut off from both the past and the future; he is wrenched from the continuity of time; he is outside time; in other words, he is in a state of ecstasy; in that state he is unaware of his age, his wife, his children, his worries, and so he has no fear, because the source of fear is in the future, and a person freed of the future has nothing to fear.”
“But time has a way of stealthily deciding a person’s mind without her conscious knowledge, and as she studied and procrastinated, Poison found one day that she had come to know her choice.”
“Smartass Disciple: Which one was first created, time or things? Master of Stupidity: No things, no changes. No changes, no time.”
“You can't make footprints in the sand of time if you're sitting on your butt, and who wants to make buttprints in the sand of time?”
“But even in his dissatisfaction he could not quiet the feeling that time was like a flash flood, so full, so brimming with things that must be done at once, but running out all the same, leaving an emptiness, a dry ditch in its wake.”
“I have no regrets in my life, but this. That we did not have time.”
“You lose track of time when you're deep in conservation with an otherworldly being made of pure Loric energy.”
“Time and sunshine healed a sore, but the process was slow, and new boils appeared if I didn't stay dry.”
“Time is heavy sometimes; imagine how heavy eternity must be.”
“Time cannot put anything in your hands until you let go off the time.”
“December is  by Stewart Stafford December is all that we give, And whatever we receive, It is those who surround us, And those who have taken leave. December is celebrating light, Where only darkness dwells, It is the ripping of wrapping paper, And tempting culinary smells. December is letting go, Of all the past year's fails, And starting anew in January, As time again chases its tail. © Stewart Stafford, 2021. All rights reserved.”
“Time resumed. Time had a way of doing that.”
“THE FOUR HEAVENLY FOUNTAINS Laugh, I tell you And you will turn back The hands of time. Smile, I tell you And you will reflect The face of the divine. Sing, I tell you And all the angels will sing with you! Cry, I tell you And the reflections found in your pool of tears - Will remind you of the lessons of today and yesterday To guide you through the fears of tomorrow.”
“In the end, the wind takes everything, doesn't it? And why not? Why other? If the sweetness of our lives did not depart, there would be no sweetness at all.”
“I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.”
“Everything started as nothing.”
“Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.”
“I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal.”
“It makes me wonder, Do we spend most of our days trying to remember or forget things? Do we spend most of our time running towards or away from our lives? I don't know.”
“Time is the wisest of all things that are; for it brings everything to light.”
“A true friend is one you can go extended periods without seeing or talking to, yet the moment that you are back in touch, it's like no time has passed at all.”
“You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, so all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last. You have all the fears of mortals and all the desires of immortals… What foolish forgetfulness of mortality to defer wise resolutions to the fiftieth or sixtieth year, and to intend to begin life at a point to which few have attained.”
“If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing." ~ Margaret Thatcher”
“Once, very long ago, Time fell in love with Fate.”
“What is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. No time to stand beneath the boughs And stare as long as sheep or cows.”
“El Tiempo no tiene una sino sus muchas ruedas. Una rueda para las criaturas de corazón lento, y otra para las de corazón apresurado. Ruedas para las criaturas que envejecen lentamente, ruedas para las que se hacen viejas con el día.”
“It's so egotistical to believe that we know more about someone else's reality than they do, and such a waste of time.”
“a life can change in a tenth of a second. or sometimes it can take 70 years.”
“I spit into the face of Time That has transfigured me.”
“I was transformed the day My ego shattered, And all the superficial, material Things that mattered To me before, Suddenly ceased To matter.”
“If you've ever tried to keep a diary, then you'll know that the problem of trying to write about the past really starts in the present: No matter how fast you write, you're always stuck in the then and you can never catch up to what's happening now, which means that now is pretty much doomed to extinction.”
“Time spent for temporary happiness like movie or outing or weekend on a beach is all synthetic; with shelf life of a day or two. Work for your bigger dreams that should last for whole life. Then movie and beach would seem more interesting, realising that you have done something.”
“When you're traveling you need to take care of yourself to get by, you have to keep an eye on yourself and your place in the world. It means concentrating on yourself, thinking about yourself and looking after yourself. So when you travel all you really encounter is yourself, as if that were the whole point of it. When you're at home you simply are, you don't have to struggle with anything or achieve anything. You don't have to worry about the railways connections, and timetables, you don't need to experience any thrills or disappointments. You can put yourself to one side - and that's when you see the most.”
“In real life sweet moments are short and dulled by time.”
“Time cures you first, and then it kills you.”
“A series of books, dilapidated and faded, sit bundled together. Most of the bindings are separating from the yellowed pages, but each is at home in its battered state. Their wrinkled pages and discolored skin tell not of old age, but of a good life. These books, unlike so many others, were not just read, but revisited, loved, and experienced.”
“I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. I did not wish to live what was not life, living is so dear; nor did I wish to practice resignation, unless it was quite necessary. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life, to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life, to cut a broad swath and shave close, to drive life into a corner, and reduce it to its lowest terms, and, if it proved to be mean, why then to get the whole and genuine meanness of it, and publish its meanness to the world; or if it were sublime, to know it by experience, and be able to give a true account of it in my next excursion.”
“Then Deborah stood at the wicket gate, the boundary, and there was a woman with outstretched hand, demanding tickets. "Pass through," she said when Deborah reached her. "We saw you coming." The wicket gate became a turnstile. Deborah pushed against it and there was no resistance, she was through. "What is it?" she asked. "Am I really here at last? Is this the bottom of the pool?" "It could be," smiled the woman. "There are so many ways. You just happened to choose this one." Other people were pressing to come through. They had no faces, they were only shadows. Deborah stood aside to let them by, and in a moment they had gone, all phantoms. "Why only now, tonight?" asked Deborah. "Why not in the afternoon, when I came to the pool?" "It's a trick," said the woman. "You seize on the moment in time. We were here this afternoon. We're always here. Our life goes on around you, but nobody knows it. The trick's easier by night, that's all." "Am I dreaming, then?" asked Deborah. "No," said the woman, "this isn't a dream. And it isn't death, either. It's the secret world." The secret world  It was something Deborah had always known, and now the pattern was complete. The memory of it, and the relief, were so tremendous that something seemed to burst inside her heart. "Of course " she said, "of course " and everything that had ever been fell into place. There was no disharmony. The joy was indescribable, and the surge of feeling, like wings about her in the air, lifted her away from the turnstile and the woman, and she had all knowledge. That was it - the invasion of knowledge. ("The Pool")”
“Why you? Why us for that matter? Why anything? Because the moment simply is.”
“From our immersion in scarcity arise the habits of scarcity. From the scarcity of time arises the habit of hurrying. From the scarcity of money comes the habit of greed. From the scarcity of attention comes the habit of showing off. From the scarcity of meaningful labor comes the habit of laziness. From the scarcity of unconditional acceptance comes the habit of manipulation.”
“Be patient my little wild one, wondrous things take time. A pearl is hidden before it’s refined. A diamond’s luster is dull before revealing brilliant magnificent breathtaking shine.”
“A timeless classical love story our romance shall be… I'll paint it on vintage canvas cause your love transcends the realms defeats any measure of time and lasts forever. (fragment from "Utopia", chapter Hope)”
“Many years have passed since that night. The wall of the staircase up which I had watched the light of his candle gradually climb was long ago demolished. And in myself, too, many things have perished which I imagined would last for ever, and new ones have arisen, giving birth to new sorrows and new joys which in those days I could not have foreseen, just as now the old are hard to understand.”
“It wasn't that time stopped in the library. It was as if it were captured, collected here, and in all libraries -- and not only my time, my life, but all human time as well. In the library, time is dammed up--not just stopped but saved.”
“I think deeply about things and want others to do likewise. I work for ideas and learn from people. I don’t like excluding people. I’m a perfectionist, but I won’t let that get in the way of publication. Except for education and entertainment, I’m not going to waste my time on things that won’t have an impact. I try to be friends with everyone, but I hate it when you don’t take me seriously. I don’t hold grudges, it’s not productive, but I learn from my experience. I want to make the world a better place.”
“Time is for dragonflies and angels. The former live too little and the latter live too long.”
“Art is the whisper of history, heard above the noise of time.”
“No life goes past so swiftly as an eventless one, no clock spins like a clock whose days are all alike.”
“Real relationships are the product of time spent, which is why so many of us have so few of them.”
“Any time gone by was better.”
“Life would go out in a 'fraction of a second' (that was the phrase), but all night he had been realizing that time depends on clocks and the passage of light. There were no clocks and the light wouldn't change. Nobody really knew how long a second of pain could be. It might last a whole purgatory--or for ever.”
“In the darkness of night, Demons strut, taunting, goading. In the light of day, Angels sing glorious songs. In the time in between, We live our lives alone and searching. And sometimes, softly, You understand damnation. All is forgotten, all is lost, All but forgiveness And the memory of her kiss.”
“Chronocanine Envy: Sadness experienced when one realized that, unlike one's dog, one cannot live only in the present tense. As Kierkegaard said, "Life must be lived forward.”
“The past may or may not be a foreign country. It may morph or lie still, but its capital is always Regret, and what flushes through it is the grand canal of unfledged desires that feed into an archipelago of tiny might-have-beens that never really happened but aren't unreal for not happening and might still happen though we fear they never will. And I thought of Ole Brit holding back so much, as we all do when we look back to see that the roads we've left behind or not taken have all but vanished. Regret is how we hope to back into our real lives once we find the will, the blind drive and courage, to trade in the life we're given for the life that bears our name and ours only. Regret is how we look forward to things we've long lost yet never really had. Regret is hope without conviction, I said. We're torn between regret, which is the price to pay for things not done, and remorse, which is the cost for having done them. Between one and the other, time plays all its cozy little tricks.”
“Time plays like an accordion in the way it can stretch out and compress itself in a thousand melodic ways. Months on end may pass blindingly in a quick series of chords, open-shut, together-apart; and then a single melancholy week may seem like a year's pining, one long unfolding note.”
“I love the sight of his naked body. especially in these quiet, vulnerable moments. These brackets of time stapled between dreams and reality are my favorite. There's a sweetness in this hesitant consciousness - a careful, gentle return of form of function, I've found I love these minutes most for the delicate way in which they unfold. It's tender. Slow motion. Time tying its shoes.”
“O tempo, o tempo, o tempo e suas águas inflamáveis, esse rio largo que não cansa de correr, lento e sinuoso, ele próprio reconhecendo seus caminhos, recolhendo e filtrando de vária direção o caldo turvo dos afluentes e o sangue ruivo de outros canais para com eles construir a razão mística da história ”
“Of the two powers, the two categories that take possession of us when we enter the world, space is by far the less mysterious. . . . Space is, after all, solid, monolithic. . . . Time, on the other hand, is a hostile element, truly treacherous, I would say even against human nature.”
“If today you don't have time for those who gave all their time for you yesterday then tomorrow they will not have time to give to you who has no time today”
“Some people say they have 20 years experience, when in reality, they have 1 year's experience repeated 20 times. (Stephen M R Covey to Richie Norton when Norton asked if he was too young to train older executives for Covey.)”
“The clock strikes off the hollow half-hours of all the life that is left to you, one by one.”
“Information about time cannot be imparted in a straightforward way. Like furniture, it has to be tipped and tilted to get it through the door. If the past is a solid oak buffet whose legs must be unscrewed and whose drawers must be removed before, in an altered state, it can be upended into the entryway of our minds, then the future is a king-size waterbed that hardly stands a chance, especially if it needs to be brought up in an elevator. Those billions who persist in perceiving time as the pursuit of the future are continually buying waterbeds that will never make it beyond the front porch or the lobby. And if man's mission is to reside in the fullness of the present, then he's got no space for the waterbed, anyhow, not even if he could lower it through a skylight.”
“Time is a structured perception towards observable changes.”
“Something deep in human make up needs and longs for a taste of eternity--a momentary release from the relentless pace of time.”
“عشق ورزی چون رقص است.انسان همیشه دیگری را همراه خود میکشاند.”
“It’s quite simple. Death isn’t what we think it is. It isn’t life which ends but time which stops.”
“The pathway traced with blood and tears, and dust of all our father's dead, Whose backward footsteps, wandering, red, Fade to the mist of nameless years. (“The Testimony of the Suns”)”
“sometime life is full of joy,and sometime life is full of pain and tears but we have to defeat it”
“Work on. " Work as if every time you started with and every time you finish.”
“There is no other space, no other time. This moment is all. In this moment the whole existence converges, in this moment all is available.”
“Sauver quelque chose du temps où l'on ne sera plus jamais.”
“I'm sorry, Arty,' she whispered into his ear. 'Sorry for what?' 'For everything. For the last few months, I haven't been myself. But things are going to change. Time to stop living in the past.' Artemis felt a tear on his cheek. He wasn't sure whose tear it was.”
“Creativity is the residue of time wasted.”
“The past,' he thought, 'is linked with the present by an unbroken chain of events flowing one out of another.' And it seemed to him that he had just seen both ends of that chain; that when he touched one end the other quivered.”
“You don't have time, Len. That is the most bitter and the most beautiful piece of advice I can offer. If you don't have what you want now, you don't have what you want.”
“The river is now. This moment. This breath between us. The space between your heartbeats. The moment before you blink. The instant a thought flashes through your mind. It is everything that is around us. Life. Energy. Flowing, endlessly flowing, carrying you from then to now to tomorrow. Listen: you can hear the music of it. Of the passage of time.”
“I think you will agree that life's plans are not always tied up in neat little packages. Occasionally we find ourselves at unexpected crossroads with more than one opportunity from which to choose. Time itself is often the best indicator of which decision to make, for it can tell so many thing that are now hazy.”
“The woman recovering from abuse or other stressful life situations may feel she's in no way in charge of anything, least of all her own world. She faces the horse with trepidation. The horse senses the fear and becomes tense and concerned. The wise instructor starts small. The woman is handed a soft brush and sent to fuss over the horse. It's pointed out that if she stands close to the animal, she will be out of range of a well-aimed kick. She is warned to watch for tell-tale signs of fear in herself and the horse. She's warned to keep her feet out from under the horse's stomping hoof. They're both allowed to back away and regroup and try again until they reach an accord regarding personal space. Calm prevails, and within a few minutes, hours or sessions, interaction becomes friendship. It happens almost every time a woman is allowed enough time and space to work through the situation. So a woman whose daily life is overwhelming her learns to step back. Is this a cure for her endless problems? Of course not. Simple is not simplistic.”
“Perhaps time’s definition of coal is the diamond.”
“Heroes and scholars represent the opposite extremes  The scholar struggles for the benefit of all humanity, sometimes to reduce physical effort, sometimes to reduce pain, and sometimes to postpone death, or at least render it more bearable. In contrast, the patriot sacrifices a rather substantial part of humanity for the sake of his own prestige. His statue is always erected on a pedestal of ruins and corpses  In contrast, all humanity crowns a scholar, love forms the pedestal of his statues, and his triumphs defy the desecration of time and the judgment of history.”
“Everyone thinks that the old days were better, or that they were harder, and the modern times are chaotic and complex, or easier all around, but I think people's hearts have always been the same, happy and sad, and that hasn't changed at all. It's just the shapes of lives that change, not the lives themselves.”
“But at my back I always hear Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near; And yonder all before us lie Deserts of vast eternity. Thy beauty shall no more be found; Nor, in thy marble vault, shall sound My echoing song; then worms shall try That long-preserved virginity, And your quaint honour turn to dust, And into ashes all my lust; The grave’s a fine and private place, But none, I think, do there embrace.”
“It doesn't really matter if you are left behind the back, but what matters is your capacity to pull and push everyone by your way to get to the front.”
“There was rarely an obvious branching point in a person's life. People changed slowly, over time. You didn't take one step, then find yourself in a completely new location. You first took a little step off the path to avoid some rocks. For a while, you walked alongside the path, but then you wandered out a little way to step on softer soil. Then you stopped paying attention as you drifted farther and farther away. Finally, you found yourself in the wrong city, wondering why the signs on the roadway hadn't led you better.”
“Time wounds all heals.”
“People like to warn you that by the time you reach the middle of your life, passion will begin to feel like a meal eaten long ago, which you remember with great tenderness.”
“Every moment is a crossroad in time. Consider that, as above so below and as inside so outside and live accordingly.”
“It will happen but it will take time.”
“But as Van casually directed the searchlight of backthought into that maze of the past where the mirror-lined narrow paths not only took different turns, but used different levels (as a mule-drawn cart passes under the arch of a viaduct along which a motor skims by), he found himself tackling, in still vague and idle fashion, the science that was to obsess his mature years - problems of space and time, space versus time, time-twisted space, space as time, time as space - and space breaking away from time, in the final tragic triumph of human cogitation: I am because I die.”
“The special virtue of freedom is not that it makes you richer and more powerful but that it gives you more time to understand what it means to be alive.”
“God really performs the miracle of multiplying our time, but only if we give it to him first.”
“Parsifal is on his way to the temple of the Grail Knights and says: “I hardly move, yet far I seem to have come”, and the all-knowing Gurnemanz replies: “You see, my son, time turns here into space”
“Look back on Time, with kindly eyes - He doubtless did his best - How softly sinks that trembling sun In Human Nature's West -”
“Through memory we travel against time, through forgetfulness we follow its course.”
“The danger of restorative nostalgia lies in its belief that the mutilated 'wholeness' of the body politic can be repaired. But the reflective nostalgic understands deep down that loss is irrecoverable: Time wounds all wholes. To exist in Time is to suffer through an endless exile, a successive severing from those precious few moments of feeling at home in the world. In pop terms, Morrissey is the supreme poet of reflective nostalgia.”
“Most folks don't have but a few days to a week's worth of food in their houses at any given time. When they run out, they'll have to forage. Only the fools will forage in town. The smart ones will look on the outskirts.”
“How can you say: "I love you forever!" ; Whereas bit of time can change everything”
“If we accept time for what it is, how it flows and how we flow with it, I doubt very much that we would continue wasting loads of it by constantly checking our watches. The gnomons's shadow falls where it falls - and so do we. Where we are now is where a lifetime's worth of steps have taken us.”
“As cruel as life might be at times, if you throw in the towel, which is what everyone will expect, then nothing good will happen and your life will fall apart. Be better than that!”
“The illimitable, silent, never-resting thing called Time, rolling, rushing on, swift, silent, like an all-embracing ocean-tide, on which we and all the Universe swim like exhalations, like apparitions which are, and then are not: this is forever very literally a miracle; a thing to strike us dumb—for we have no word to speak about it.”
“It was the kind of summer evening that made Ursula want to be alone. 'Oh,' Izzie said, 'You're at an age when a girl is simply consumed by the sublime.' Ursula wasn't sure what she meant ('No one is ever sure what she means,' Sylvie said) but she thought she understood a little. There was a strangeness in the shimmering air, a sense of imminence that made Ursula's chest feel full, as if her heart was growing. It was a kind of high holiness - she could think of no other way of describing it. Perhaps it was the future, she thought, coming nearer all the time.”
“I had lost some of my naivete and gained strength. These women with their pointless scheming could not contain me, and I watched the volatile world of the gynaeceum with a detached eye. The Forbidden City had buried my youth, and in the monastery, I had died and come back to life. Friends, enemies and mistresses had all disappeared. I was a ghost from a lost world, still going from one season to the next and still living for one man alone.”
“He has to find more and better ways of occupying his time. His time, what a bankrupt idea, as if he's been given a box of time belonging to him alone, stuffed to the brim with hours and minutes that he can spend like money. Trouble is, the box has holes in it and the time is running out, no matter what he does with it.”
“Time goes on crutches till love have all his rites.”
“Clocks and calendars do not exist to remind us of the Time we've forgotten but to regulate our relations with others and indeed all of society, and this is how we use them.”
“If New Orleans is not fully in the mainstream of culture, neither is it fully in the mainstream of time. Lacking a well-defined present, it lives somewhere between its past and its future, as if uncertain whether to advance or to retreat. Perhaps it is its perpetual ambivalence that is its secret charm. Somewhere between Preservation Hall and the Superdome, between voodoo and cybernetics, New Orleans listens eagerly to the seductive promises of the future but keeps at least one foot firmly planted in its history, and in the end, conforms, like an artist, not to the world but to its own inner being--ever mindful of its personal style.”
“O words are poor receipts for what time hath stole away”
“There are no two hours alike. Every hour is unique and the only one given at the moment, exclusive and endlessly precious. Judaism teaches us to be attached to holiness in time; to learn how to consecrate sanctuaries that emerge from the magnificent stream of a year.”
“Again time elapsed.”
“While people brood, time skips ahead without looking back.”
“I am old enough to know that time passing is just a trick, a convenience. Everything is always there, still unfolding, still happening. The past, the present, and the future, in the noggin eternally, like brushes, combs and ribbons in a handbag.”
“I just wish moments weren’t so fleeting!' Isaac called to the man on the roof, 'They pass so quickly!' 'Fleeting?!' responded the tilling man, 'Moments? They pass quickly?! . . . Why, once a man is finished growing, he still has twenty years of youth. After that, he has twenty years of middle age. Then, unless misfortune strikes, nature gives him twenty thoughtful years of old age. Why do you call that quickly?' And with that, the tilling man wiped his sweaty brow and continued tilling; and the dejected Isaac continued wandering. 'Stupid fool!' Isaac muttered quietly to himself as soon as he was far enough away not to be heard.”
“The calendar of the Theocracy of Muntab counts down, not up. No-one knows why, but it might not be a good idea to hang around and find out.”
“The Telephone When I was just as far as I could walk From here today There was an hour All still When leaning with my head against a flower I heard you talk. Don't say I didn't for I heard you say You spoke from that flower on the window sill- Do you remember what it was you said ' 'First tell me what it was you thought you heard.' 'Having found the flower and driven a bee away I leaned my head And holding by the stalk I listened and I thought I caught the word What was it Did you call me by my name Or did you say Someone said "Come" I heard it as I bowed.' 'I may have thought as much but not aloud.' Well so I came.”
“The only problem is time.”
“On a whim, he stopped and bought a watch from a sidewalk vendor. Normally, Billy could not abide keeping time, especially when it was attached to one’s body. Time was like a relentlessly needy lapdog one had to haul around. It barked too much and had no sense of loyalty.”
“Time itself is created through deeds of true kindness.”
“Mostly what you lose with time, in memory, is the specificity of things, their exact sequence. It all runs together, becomes a watery soup. Portmanteau days, imploded years. Like a bad actor, memory always goes for effect, abjuring motivation, consistency, good sense. ”
“All objects exist in a moment of time.”
“Depression, as far as I'm concerned, is just a waste of time.”
“The candle glimmers but an hour. The night Looms in its ancient hunger. Would you know The tragedy of human love and need? Gaze on the stars, then on a brother's face!”
“O the joy of my spirit--it is uncaged--it darts like lightning! It is not enough to have this globe or a certain time, I will have thousands of globes and all time.”
“For he lives twice who can at once employ, The present well, and e’en the past enjoy.”
“Time is in charge here, not me, and that's terrifying”
“Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.”
“No matter how vivid memories may be, they can’t win out against the power of time.”
“Time is a player. Time is part of today, not simply a measure of its passing.”
“Some days some times are remembered by me, in life’s all moments they are cherished by me”
“I get up at seven yeah and I go to work at nine. I got no time for livin'. Yes I'm workin' all the time. It seems to me I could live my life a lot better than I think I am. I guess that's why they call me they call me the workin' man.”
“Sometimes it doesn't matter that there was any time before this time. Sometimes it doesn't matter that it's night or day or now or then. Sometimes where you are is enough. It's not that time stops or that it hasn't started. This is time. You are here. This caught moment opening into a lifetime.”
“And the world goes on regardless of joy or despair or one woman's fortune or one man's loss. And we can't know the lives of others. And we can't know our own lives beyond the details we can manage. And the things that change us forever happen without us knowing they would happen. And the moment that looks like the rest is the one where hearts are broken or healed. And time that runs so steady and sure runs wild outside of the clocks. It takes so little time to change a lifetime and it takes a lifetime to understand the change.”
“How many summers had I been alive? The obvious answer was as many summers as my age; but for some reason I felt the presence of another number, a different, realer number somewhere out there in the world. I thought about this as I gazed into the summer glare.”
“I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you.”
“Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.”
“All I'm saying is, love changes over time. No person is ever perfect for another person”
“What use was time to those who'd soon achieve Digital Immortality?”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“As a writer of philosophy, it's good to ask oneself, 'Will I still believe this a week from now, or months, or even years?”
“Time present and time past Are both perhaps present in time future And time future contained in time past. If all time is eternally present All time is unredeemable. What might have been is an abstraction Remaining a perpetual possibility Only in a world of speculation. What might have been and what has been Point to one end, which is always present.”
“We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.”
“Time is basically an illusion created by the mind to aid in our sense of temporal presence in the vast ocean of space. Without the neurons to create a virtual perception of the past and the future based on all our experiences, there is no actual existence of the past and the future. All that there is, is the present.”
“A journey is time suspended.”
“Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.”
“You attract poverty when you lack value for time”
“People who understands how to convert their time into useful products do not complain of boredom.”
“Time, like an ever-rolling stream, Bears all its sons away; They fly forgotten, as a dream Dies at the opening day.”
“If there is anything certain in life, it is this. Time doesn't always heal. Not really. I know they say it does, but that is not true. What time does is to trick you into believing that you have healed, that the hurt of a great loss has lessened. But a single word, a note of a song, a fragrance, a knife point of dawn light across an empty room, any one of these things will take you back to that one moment you have never truly forgotten. These small things are the agents of memory. They are the sharp needle points piercing the living fabric of your life. Life, my children, isn't linear where the heart is concerned. It is filled with invisible threads that reach out from your past and into your future. These threads connect every second we have lived and breathed. As your own lives move forward and as the decades pass, the more of these threads are cast. Your task is to weave them into a tapestry, one that tells the story of the time we shared.”
“ If I Must Go If I must go to heaven's end Climbing the ages like a stair, Be near me and forever bend With the same eyes above me there; Time will fly past us like leaves flying, We shall not heed, for we shall be Beyond living, beyond dying, Knowing and known unchangeably.”
“The day is refracted, and the next and the one after that, all of them broken up into a hundred juggled segments, each brilliant and self-contained so that the hours are no longer linear but assorted like bright sweets in a jar.”
“Money and beauty are defenses against the sorrows of this world but neither can undo the past. Only time will conquer time. The way forward is the only way back to innocence and to peace.”
“You can be your own boss”
“Nature intended me for the tranquil pursuits of science, by rendering them my supreme delight. But the enormities of the times in which I have lived, have forced me to take a part in resisting them, and to commit myself on the boisterous ocean of political passions.”
“Shadows fell on them like predators as the light went out.”
“Life becomes a dilemma when you are living a purposeless and goalless life”
“Each time you turn your life issues over to God and allow Him to lead, you build trust in Him.”
“They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I think the same could be said for time.”
“The stories shatter. Or you wear them out or leave them behind. Over time the story of the memory loses its power. Over time you become someone else. Only when the honey turns to dust are you free.”
“We're thinking, does life owe us anything. Did we get it wrong? And time is an animal, man. The years. Time is killing us it has us in its teeth.”
“It’s good to know certain things: What’s departed, in order to know what’s left to come; That water’s immeasurable and incomprehensible And blows in the air Where all that’s fallen and silent becomes invisible; That fire’s the light our names are carved in. That shame is a garment of sorrow; That time is the Adversary, and stays sleepless and wants for nothing; That clouds are unequal and words are.”
“It was March. The days of March creeping gustily on like something that man couldn't hinder and God wouldn't hurry.”
“POZZO: I woke up one fine day as blind as Fortune. Sometimes I wonder if I'm not still asleep. VLADIMIR: And when was that? POZZO: I don't know. VLADIMIR: But no later than yesterday— POZZO: Don't question me! The blind have no notion of time . The things of time are hidden from them too. VLADIMIR: Well just fancy that! I could have sworn it was just the opposite.”
“Time stops for no one, no matter how unsure we are of the future.”
“Es zinu mirkļus dienas garumā un dienas mirkļa īsumā.”
“Time will generally lessen the interest of every attachment not within the daily circle.”
“The Hopi, an Indian tribe, have a language as sophisticated as ours, but no tenses for past, present and future. The division does not exist. What does this say about time? Matter, that thing the most solid and the well-known, which you are holding in your hands and which makes up your body, is now known to be mostly empty space. Empty space and points of light. What does this say about the reality of the world?”
“Time's never up", she whispered, not looking at me, but at my canvas. "Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing. Of course there is.”
“I REMEMBER WHEN ALL THIS WILL BE AGAIN.”
“You're different. You're more perfect. Time is three things for most people, but for you, for us, just one. A singularity. One moment. This moment. Like you're the center of the clock, the axis on which the hands turn. Time moves about you but never moves you. It has lost its ability to affect you. What is it they say? That time is theft? But not for you. Close your eyes and you can start all over again. Conjure up that necessary emotion, fresh as roses.”
“To begin with, I turn back time. I reverse it to that quaint period, the thirties, when the huge middle class of America was matriculating in a school for the blind. Their eyes had failed them, or they had failed their eyes, and so they were having their fingers pressed forcibly down on the fiery Braille alphabet of a dissolving economy.”
“Dimanchophobia: Fear of Sundays, not in a religious sense but rather, a condition that reflects fear of unstructured time. Also known as acalendrical anxiety. Not to be confused with didominicaphobia, or kyriakephobia, fear of the Lord's Day. Dimanchophobia is a mental condition created by modernism and industrialism. Dimanchophobes particularly dislike the period between Christmas and New Year's, when days of the week lose their significance and time blurs into a perpetual Sunday. Another way of expressing dimanchophobia might be "life in a world without calendars." A popular expression of this condition can be found in the pop song "Every Day is Like Sunday," by Morrissey, in which he describes walking on a beach after a nuclear way, when every day of the week now feels like Sunday.”
“One of the seats of emotion and memory in the brain is the amygdala, he explained. When something threatens your life, this area seems to kick into overdrive, recording every last detail of the experience. The more detailed the memory, the longer the moment seems to last. "This explains why we think that time speeds up when we grow older," Eagleman said--why childhood summers seem to go on forever, while old age slips by while we’re dozing. The more familiar the world becomes, the less information your brain writes down, and the more quickly time seems to pass.”
“The mind of man works with strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented by the timepiece of the mind by one second. This extraordinary discrepancy between time on the clock and time in the mind is less known than it should be, and deserves fuller investigation.”
“Death is a part of Life, they are dancing together the dance of infinity in front of the gates of Time. We can live our dreams as we are dreaming our future. Time is the Endless Consciousness”
“Time erodes us all.”
“Sie litten alle unter der Angst, keine Zeit für alles zu haben, und wussten nicht, dass Zeit haben nichts anderes heißt, als keine Zeit für alles zu haben.”
“The gods have been good to you. But what the gods give they quickly take away. You have only a few years in which to live really, perfectly, and fully. When your youth goes, your beauty will go with it, and then you will suddenly discover that there are no triumphs left for you, or have to content yourself with those mean triumphs that the memory of your past will make more bitter than defeats. Every month as it wanes bring you nearer to something dreadful. Time is jealous of you, and wars against your lilies and your roses.”
“Time stretches and calms, but still we reach, for we belonged then. We want to know. Sometimes that knowledge is painful, or inconvenient, or even damning. But it is essential. It exposes us for what we have been, and can be.”
“There's no backward and no forward, no day other than this. You fill your cart as you go, and that's that.”
“Second half of the year starts NOW July 1st with the next 6 months being MORE important than the last 6 months. I Your Name promise to do all that I can to achieve my Goal . I will not sit on a corner wait I will seek my opportunity. I promise to go after my Goal with passion knowing that the clock is ticking… Sign and date”
“Time has transfigured them into Untruth. The stone fidelity They hardly meant has come to be Their final blazon, and to prove Our almost-instinct almost true: What will survive of us is love.”
“And never, never, dear madam, put 'Wednesday' simply as the date! That way madness lies! ”
“The last thing the hockey ball symbolized was Time itself, the unstoppability of it, the way we're chained to our bodies, which are chained to Time.”
“Blood had long since ceased to beat from one end to the other, but one could sense, from passages marked with fresher traces of wheels and hooves, that once the meaning and even the very idea of a long journey was lost, sleep had not descended over it in one fell swoop: it had continued to steal a march here and there, in a discontinuous way, and over short distances, like a laborer who feels his cart jolt on a section of Roman road that crosses his field ”
“TIME Time And how it slips through my fingers Without putting its ring on them, And I remain simply its lover”
“Listen to the time as it can heal everything.”
“Time remorselessly rambles down the corridors and streets of our lives. but it is not until autumn that most of us become aware that our tickets are stamped with a terminal destination.”
“Had I been less firmly resolved upon settling down definitively to work, I should perhaps have made an effort to begin at once. But since my resolution was explicit, since within twenty-four hours, in the empty frame of the following day where everything was so well-arranged because I myself was not yet in it, my good intention would be realized without difficulty, it was better not to start on an evening when I felt ill-prepared. The following days were not, alas, to prove more propitious. But I was reasonable. It would have been puerile, on the part of one who had waited now for years, not to put up with a postponement of two or three days. Confident that by the day after tomorrow I should have written several pages, I said not a word more to my parents of my decision; I preferred to remain patient and then to bring to a convinced and comforted grandmother a sample of work that was already under way. Unfortunately the next day was not that vast, extraneous expanse of time to which I had feverishly looked forward. When it drew to a close, my laziness and my painful struggle to overcome certain internal obstacles had simply lasted twenty-four hours longer. And at the end of several days, my plans not having matured, I had no longer the same hope that they would be realized at once, and hence no longer the heart to subordinate everything else to their realization: I began once again to keep late hours ”
“Asa had a sharp understanding of the future--that is, a time when this would be past. Time was rushing through and around him, he almost heard it whistling, and this awareness rounded the world somehow and made it sweet.”
“At every single moment, the whole creation is beginning again, stretching the tent of the present moment to bursting. And the waves that push up through the oceans, and the waves that push up through the stars; and the waves that push upwards through history are the same waves that push up through us. And so we have to say yes to time, even though it means speeding forward into memory; forgetfulness; and oblivion. Say “no” to time; hold on to what you were or what she was; hold onto the past, even out of love  and I swear it will tear you to shreds. This universe will tear you to shreds.”
“It is almost startling to hear this warning of departed time sounding among the tombs, and telling the lapse of the hour, which, like a billow, has rolled us onward towards the grave.”
“Life may dawdle along in minutes but don't be deceived, for it will sprint by in years before you even notice.”
“For love was a kind of folly, a losing game. The greatest of all Wastes of Time. But then, that depended on what you thought time was for.”
“Time was a wave, almost cruel in its relentlessness as it whisked her life downstream, a life she had to constantly strain to keep from breaking apart.”
“There was a sudden stillness like the gap between ticks on a clock, but the next tick never coming.”
“But at my back I always hear Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near”
“One way poetry connects is across time. . . . Some echo of a writer's physical experience comes into us when we read her poem.”
“When someone is young, he is not capable of conceiving of time as a circle, but thinks of it as a road leading forward to ever-new horizons; he does not yet sense that his life contains just a single theme; he will come to realise it only when his life begins to enact its first variations.”
“In a matter of a moment the amount of sand in the upper part of the hour-glass had dwindled dramatically, the tiny grains were rushing through the opening, each grain more eager to leave then the last, time is just like people, sometimes it’s all it can do to drag itself along, but at others, it runs like a deer and leaps like a young goat, which, when you think about it, is not saying much, since the cheetah is the fastest of all the animals, and yet it has never occurred to anyone to say of another person He runs and jumps like a cheetah, perhaps because that first comparison comes from the magical late middle ages, when gentlemen went deer-hunting and no one had ever seen a cheetah running or even heard of its existence. Languages are conservative, they always carry their archives with them and hate having to be updated.”
“Glossa Time goes by, time comes along, All is old and all is new; What is right and what is wrong, You must think and ask of you; Have no hope and have no fear, Waves that rise can never hold; If they urge or if they cheer, You remain aloof and cold. To our sight a lot will glisten, Many sounds will reach our ear; Who could take the time to listen And remember all we hear? Keep aside from all that patter, Seek yourself, far from the throng When with loud and idle clatter Time goes by, time comes along. Nor forget the tongue of reason Or its even scales depress When the moment, changing season, Wears the mask of happiness - It is born of reason's slumber And may last a wink as true: For the one who knows its number All is old and all is new. Be as to a play, spectator, As the world unfolds before: You will know the heart of matter Should they act two parts or four; When they cry or tear asunder From your seat enjoy along And you'll learn from art to wonder What is right and what is wrong. Past and future, ever blending, Are the twin sides of same page: New start will begin with ending When you know to learn from age; All that was or be tomorrow We have in the present, too; But what's vain and futile sorrow You must think and ask of you; For the living cannot sever From the means we've always had: Now, as years ago, and ever, Men are happy or are sad: Other masks, same play repeated; Diff'rent tongues, same words to hear; Of your dreams so often cheated, Have no hope and have no fear. Hope not when the villains cluster By success and glory drawn: Fools with perfect lack of luster Will outshine Hyperion! Fear it not, they'll push each other To reach higher in the fold, Do not side with them as brother, Waves that rise can never hold. Sounds of siren songs call steady Toward golden nets, astray; Life attracts you into eddies To change actors in the play; Steal aside from crowd and bustle, Do not look, seem not to hear From your path, away from hustle, If they urge or if they cheer; If they reach for you, go faster, Hold your tongue when slanders yell; Your advice they cannot master, Don't you know their measure well? Let them talk and let them chatter, Let all go past, young and old; Unattached to man or matter, You remain aloof and cold. You remain aloof and cold If they urge or if they cheer; Waves that rise can never hold, Have no hope and have no fear; You must think and ask of you What is right and what is wrong; All is old and all is new, Time goes by, time comes along.”
“The steward, according to custom, had stopped all the clocks. This, in the language of Narouz, said, "Your stay with us is so brief, let us not be reminded of the flight of the hours. God made eternity. Let us escape from the despotism of time altogether." These ancient and hereditary politenesses filled Nessim with emotion.”
“It has never been easy for me to understand the obliteration of time, to accept, as others seem to do, the swelling and corresponding shrinkage of seasons or the conscious acceptance that one year has ended and another begun. There is something here that speaks of our essential helplessness and how the greater substance of our lives is bound up with waste and opacity  How can so much time hold so little, how can it be taken from us? Months, weeks, days, hours misplaced – and the most precious time of life, too, when our bodies are at their greatest strength, and open, as they never will be again, to the onslaught of sensation.”
“And at the end of the night, they realized how important those little stars were, which they ignored while adoring the beauty of the moon whole night.”
“Nothing is immune to Time. Not even eternity.”
“We often hear about stepping outside ourselves, but rarely about stepping outside our generation.”
“Every day has a past. Every day has a tomorrow.”
“How is the duration of a relationship relative to what those involved in it feel?”
“You need to assess yourself on a yearly basis and see how far you have gone and what you still need to work on”
“You must always overcome your comfort zone”
“L’arbre tombe feuille à feuille : si les hommes contemplaient chaque matin ce qu’ils ont perdu la veille, ils s’apercevraient bien de leur pauvreté.”
“In consequence, when the pleasures have been removed which busy people derive from their actual activities, the mind cannot endure the house, the solitude, the walls, and hates to observe its own isolation. From this arises that boredom and self-dissatisfaction, that turmoil of a restless mind and gloomy and grudging endurance of our leisure, especially when we are ashamed to admit the reasons for it and our sense of shame drives the agony inward, and our desires are trapped in narrow bounds without escape and stifle themselves. From this arise melancholy and mourning and a thousand vacillations of a wavering mind, buoyed up by the birth of hope and sickened by the death of it. From this arises the state of mind of those who loathe their own leisure and complain that they have nothing to do, and the bitterest envy at the promotion of others. For unproductive idleness nurtures malice, and because they themselves could not prosper they want everyone else to be ruined. Then from this dislike of others' success and despair of their own, their minds become enraged against fortune, complain about the times, retreat into obscurity, and brood over their own sufferings until they become sick and tired of themselves.”
“The offender must be able to give something back. But criminals are most often poor people. They have nothing to give. The answers to this are many. It is correct that our prisons are by and large filled with poor people. We let the poor pay with the only commodity that is close to being equally distributed in society: time.”
“You only have as much time as you think you do. Start telling yourself you have enough time.”
“A flustered-looking woman hurries after him, but he doesn’t stop. I turn around to watch, silently rooting the kid on. I want to crouch down beside him and tell him to use the tunnel, to keep flying through the dark while he’s still allowed. “When’s the last time we did that?” I ask Lacey when we reach my car, and she shrugs. Then I’m starting the car and tears prick the backs of my eyes and I hate that so many Lasts happen when you aren’t paying attention.”
“No, the majority of people just survive, they think their things have a value but nothing does. Things only have a price, based on expectation, and I do business with that. The only thing of value on Earth is time. One second will always be a second, there’s no negotiating with that.”
“Funny how things that once seemed so charming can become dull and annoying. We think we want all the time in the world with the people we love, but maybe what we need is the opposite. Just a finite amount of time, so we still think the other person is interesting. Maybe we don't need acts two and three. Maybe love is best in act one.”
“Truth in the heart of heresy”
“The longer you live, the harder it becomes. To grab them. Each little moment as it arrives. To be living in something other than the past or the future. To be actually here.”
“With every passing time, technology moves one step forward.”
“Loneliness always eats up time, fills on depression where hands move slow, to reach out for a moment of care.”
“It was perhaps even more of a remarkable phenomenon for being so inconspicuous, so entirely understated. Nothing else had moved backwards, only time. There had been no Charlie Chaplin moments. No pile of broken dishes had reassembled themselves in a stack. No steps had been retraced, no events had repeated themselves, and no stretch of road had been the same. The sun had stayed still or had swung back and forth, and time had travelled backwards as though in a capsule apart from the rest of the world, while every earthly action it encompassed had unfolded with unstoppable forward momentum.”
“But what about "time"? After all it is not a bundle in which past, future and present are wrapped up together. Time is not a cage in which the "no longer now," the "not yet now," and the "now" are cooped up together. How do matters stand with "time"? They stand thus: time goes. And it goes in that it passes away. The passing of time is, of course, a coming, but a coming which goes, in passing away. What comes in time never comes to stay, but to go. What comes in time always bears beforehand the mark of going past and passing away. This is why everything temporal is regarded simply as what is transitory.”
“Always, time is our worst enemy, stealing away what is most precious to me.”
“I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.”
“How quickly people changed, with their interests, their feelings. Well-made phrases replaced by well-made phrases, time is a flow of words coherent only in appearance, the one who piles up the most is the one who wins.”
“I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be.”
“I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t even started yet.”
“Gather ye rose-buds while ye may, Old Time is still a-flying; And this same flower that smiles today, Tomorrow will be dying.”
“Four days will quickly steep themselves in nights; Four nights will quickly dream away the time; And then the moon, like to a silver bow new bent in heaven, shall behold the night of our solemnities.”
“I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.”
“They say you can't stop time, that it is a constant and waits for no one. The're wrong. Time slows when you want it to speed up. It goes too Fast when you're having fun. And it stops. It stops dead in its tracks, when the unthinkable occurs. Time is not neutral, it makes no sence, and it bears no logic. It has nothing to do with nature or fairness or physics. Time is cruel. And its as simple as that.”
“Live, you say, in the present; Live only in the present. But I don’t want the present, I want reality; I want things that exist, not time that measures them. What is the present? It’s something relative to the past and the future. It’s a thing that exists in virtue of other things existing. I only want reality, things without the present. I don’t want to include time in my scheme. I don’t want to think about things as present; I want to think of them as things. I don’t want to separate them from themselves, treating them as present. I shouldn’t even treat them as real. I should treat them as nothing. I should see them, only see them; See them till I can’t think about them. See them without time, without space, To see, dispensing with everything but what you see. And this is the science of seeing, which isn’t a science.”
“Story is metaphor for life and life is lived in time.”
“No, not of course at all—it is really all hocus-pocus. The days lengthen in the winter-time, and when the longest comes, the twenty-first of June, the beginning of summer, they begin to go downhill again, toward winter. You call that ‘of course’; but if one once loses hold of the fact that it is of course, it is quite frightening, you feel like hanging on to something. It seems like a practical joke—that spring begins at the beginning of winter, and autumn at the beginning of summer. You feel you’re being fooled, led about in a circle, with your eye fixed on something that turns out to be a moving point. A moving point in a circle. For the circle consists of nothing but such transitional points without any extent whatever; the curvature is incommensurable, there is no duration of motion, and eternity turns out to be not ‘straight ahead’ but ‘merry-go-round’!”
“It has been raining here for ten years.I keep an accurate record of time and can state this with no fear of contradiction.”
“The distance of a voice, is only a short time away from touch.”
“One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, cannot be trusted to move at any recognized pace. Usually it loiters; but just when one has come to count upon its slowness, it may suddenly break into a wild irrational gallop.”
“What a slut time is. She screws with everybody.”
“Jangan pernah menjaminkan rasa kepada waktu. Ia punya masa kedaluwarsanya.”
“We move through time like a man in a rowboat, looking back even as we move forward.”
“I imagined I was God for a millisecond And became speechless for a long time.”
“The feeling one has no time to get anything done provides the pressure that guarantees one does get some things done.”
“There is something magical about the world at night. Sitting at the dining room table, sipping a glass of iced tea, I can totally understand why Dad gets up so early. Minutes seem to last longer when the rest of the world is asleep.”
“I give it (grandfather's watch) to you not that you may remember time, but that you might forget it now and then for a moment and not spend all your breath trying to conquer it.”
“We tend to forget that life can only be defined in the present tense.”
“She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time, though she hadn't understood why  Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world.”
“Since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea But sad mortality o’ersways their power, How with this rage shall beauty hold a plea, Whose action is no stronger than a flower? O! how shall summer’s honey breath hold out Against the wrackful siege of battering days, When rocks impregnable are not so stout, Nor gates of steel so strong, but Time decays? O fearful meditation! where, alack, Shall Time’s best jewel from Time’s chest lie hid? Or what strong hand can hold his swift foot back? Or who his spoil of beauty can forbid? O! none, unless this miracle have might, That in black ink my love may still shine bright.”
“Time does nothing but hand you down shabbier and older things.”
“The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.”
“I'm convinced that not all units of time are equal.”
“then suddenly one day he awake to find that time had gone; the house completed, the imortelle tree cut down, his mother dead.”
“Rare and precious moments, how I long to live with you eternally! If only your sweetness never ceased to touch my lips, and the flutters you evoke nevermore faded away. I dream of your arm extended immeasurably to keep hold of my reaching hand. But Father Time, being a cruel master, will not grant such a wish. And so I tuck you away as cherished memories, stored in a treasure box buried in my heart. And in times of solitude, I shall bring you out to view like rainbows.”
“We are unable to discount the hypotheses that the world began three years ago.”
“She understands now what she, in all her worry, had forgotten. That even as she hesitates and wavers, even as she thinks too much and moves too cautiously, she doesn't always have to get it right. It's okay to look back, even as you move forward.”
“For all the compasses in the world, there's only one direction, and time is its only measure.”
“The question 'What was there before creation?' is meaningless. Time is a property of creation, therefore before creation there was no before creation.”
“Not the intense moment Isolated, with no before and after, But a lifetime burning in every moment.”
“But what is the past? Could it be, the firmness of the past is just illusion? Could the past be a kaleidoscope, a pattern of images that shift with each disturbance of a sudden breeze, a laugh, a thought? And if the shift is everywhere, how would we know?”
“They keep track of time. Sometimes things happen and you feel that you need to mark them down.”
“Things can harden meaningfully in the moment of indecision”
“Follow your heart, Ithilnin," Albirich repeated. "Time is precious. Don't waste it living someone else's life.”
“There are some things which cannot be learned quickly, and time, which is all we have, must be paid heavily for their acquiring. They are the very simplest things and because it takes a man's life to know them the little that each man gets from life is very costly and the only heritage he has to leave.”
“To world enough and time.”
“And sometimes in life, I imagine, good things do happen. Most of the time, it's the opposite, obviously. But I don't think you should rule out the possibility that just occasionally chance might deal you a good card.”
“You see," he continued, beginning to feel better, "once there was no time at all, and people found it very inconvenient. They never knew wether they were eating lunch or dinner, and they were always missing trains. So time was invented to help them keep track of the day and get to places where they should. When they began to count all the time that was available, what with 60 seconds in a minute and 60 minutes in an hour and 24 hours in a day and 365 days in a year, it seemed as if there was much more than could ever be used. 'If there's so much of it, it couldn't be very valuable,' was the general opinion, and it soon fell into dispute. People wasted it and even gave it away. Then we were giving the job of seeing that no one wasted time again," he said, sitting up proudly. "It's hard work but a noble calling. For you see"- and now he was standing on the seat, one foot on the windshield, shouting with his ams outstretched- "it is our most valuable possession, more precious than diamonds. It marches on, it and tide wait for no man, and-" At that point in the speech the car hit a bump in the road and the watchdog collapsed in a heap on the front seat with his alarm ringing furiously.”
“She is nine, beloved, as open-faced as the sky and as self-contained. I have watched her grow. As recently as three or four years ago, she had a young child's perfectly shallow receptiveness; she fitted into the world of time, it fitted into her, as thoughtlessly as sky fits its edges, or a river its banks. But as she has grown, her smile has widened with a touch of fear and her glance has taken on depth. Now she is aware of some of the losses you incur by being here--the extortionary rent you have to pay as long as you stay.”
“How can I stand before you in silent symbols with open palms?”
“The next visit I paid to Nancy Brown was in the second week in March: for, though I had many spare minutes during the day, I seldom could look upon an hour as entirely my own; since, when everything was left to the caprices of Miss Matilda and her sister, there could be no order or regularity. Whatever occupation I chose, when not actually busied about them or their concerns, I had, as it were, to keep my loins girded, my shoes on my feet, and my staff in my hand; for not to be immediately forthcoming when called for, was regarded as a grave and inexcusable offence: not only by my pupils and their mother, but by the very servant, who came in breathless haste to call me, exclaiming 'You're to go to the school-room directly, mum- the young ladies is WAITING!!' Climax of horror! actually waiting for their governess!!!”
“If I could, I would live forever in this moment. But no one can live in a moment, and time moves on.”
“To wit: actions, like sounds, divide the flow of time into beats.[ ]The quality of a man's life depends on the rhyhmic structure he is able to impose upon the input and output of energy.”
“I was thinking not very long ago about the difference between the people we "grew up" with vs. the people we're "growing old" with - not always being one and the same - and how time (and the memories we forge together) really does strengthen pretty much all of our relationships/friendships (whether they had started on the right foot or not). And I guess what I've mostly learned (by moving to NZ especially) is that the more Significant people you have in your life, the more 'manageable' the idea of loss, losing a loved-one, can become - not because you can replace them (obviously you can't) or because they're interchangeable (no one is), but because like a foundation to a house the more pillars you have (people you love) holding it up (loving you) the more solid/resilient you become - and from there, I find you're better equipped to overcome whatever life throws your way. That said time does pass us by very quickly. I find it much more noticeable through our growing kids than ever before.”
“Sometimes waiting is the hardest thing.”
“Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.”
“The full moon symbol on my calendar no longer seemed to be a period marking the end of something, but just another way of counting time.”
“And why does he talk so funny? Doesn't he mean squashed tomatoes? I don't think that they had tomatoes when he comes from, said Bod. And that's just how they talk then.”
“  Now to die of grief would mean, I'm afraid, to die belatedly, while latecomers are unwelcome, particularly in the future.  ”
“And if you don't find what you're looking for?" At Roy's question Addie looked up. "Then all I've lost is time.”
“It would mark the end of a year that he might look back on as hands, a pivot between two lines. Or not: maybe enough time, would pass that eventually he would look back on his life, all of it, as a series of events both logical and continuous.”
“The unreality of the past weeks lifted like a fog, but its residue remained. All of the past is like that, but most especially the parts that are out of the ordinary.”
“They won't be a right be a right time, Thea, it doesn't exist. Just get it over with”
“The past embraces the future The future embraces the past They are both intertwined Linked in all eternity”
“Two months in Shanghai, and what does she have to show for herself? She had been full of plans on the plane ride over, had studied her phrase book as if cramming for an exam, had been determined to refine her computational model with a new set of data, expecting insights and breakthroughs, plotting notes for a new article. Only the time has trickled away so quickly. She has meandered through the days chatting with James instead of gathering data. At night, she has gone out to dinners and bars. [James'] Chinese has not improved; her computational model has barely been touched. She does not know what she has been doing with herself, and now an airplane six days away is waiting for her.”
“Who said, 'All Time's delight Hath she for narrow bed; Life's troubled bubble broken'? --- That's what I said.”
“Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another.”
“When I do count the clock that tells the time, And see the brave day sunk in hideous night; When I behold the violet past prime, And sable curls all silver'd o'er with white; When lofty trees I see barren of leaves Which erst from heat did canopy the herd, And summer's green all girded up in sheaves Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard, Then of thy beauty do I question make, That thou among the wastes of time must go, Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake And die as fast as they see others grow; And nothing 'gainst Time's scythe can make defence Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.”
“Time in itself, absolutely, does not exist; it is always relative to some observer or some object. Without a clock I say 'I do not know the time' . Without matter time itself is unknowable. Time is a function of matter; and matter therefore is the clock that makes infinity real.”
“These creatures are not humanoid. They call themselves, the Fury, and the name is well deserved; they are a violent race. .”
“O Space and Time and stars at strife, How dreadful your infinity! Shrined by your termless trinity, How strange, how terrible, is life! (“The Testimony of the Suns”)”
“It was a fossilized path: the will which had cut this gash out of these solitary places so that the blood and sap would flow there was long since dead - and dead too were the circumstances which had guided this will. A whitish and indurated scar remained, gradually gnawed away by the earth like a flesh that heals itself, yet its direction was still vaguely cut into the horizon; a language and crepuscular sign rather than a way forward - a worn-out lifeline which still vegetated through the fallow land as it does on the palm of a hand. It was so old that, since it had been constructed, the very configuration of the land must have changed imperceptibly.”
“Often, beyond the next turning, footfalls of a herd galloping across stone were heard, or further in the distance, with reassuring grunts, a wild boar could be seen, trotting with steady stride along the edge of the road with her sow and a whole procession of young in tow. And then one's heart beat faster upon advancing a little into the subtle light: one might have said that the path had suddenly become wild, thick with grass, its dark paving-slabs engulfed by nettles, blackthorn and sloe, so that it mingled up time past rather than crossing country-side, and perhaps it was going to issue forth, in the chiaroscuro of thicket smelling of moistened down and fresh grass, into one of those glades where animals spoke to men.”
“The sand in the hourglass runs from one compartment to the other, marking the passage of moments with something constant and tangible. If you watch the flowing sand, you might see time itself riding the granules. Contrary to popular opinion, time is not an old white-haired man, but a laughing child. And time sings.”
“One sin seldom mentioned is that of killing time.”
“Because we believe that one moment is more or less like the next, we lose touch with the essential urgency of the present, the fact that each passing moment is the one moment for the practice of freedom.”
“One of the schools in Tlön has reached the point of denying time. It reasons that the present is undefined, that the future has no other reality than as present hope, that the past is no more than present memory.”
“For when I trace back the years I have liv'd, gathering them up in my Memory, I see what a chequer'd Work Of Nature my life has been. If I were now to inscribe my own History with its unparalleled Sufferings and surprizing Adventures (as the Booksellers might indite it), I know that the great Part of the World would not believe the Passages there related, by reason of the Strangeness of them, but I cannot help their Unbelief; and if the Reader considers them to be but dark Conceits, then let him bethink himself that Humane life is quite out of the Light and that we are all Creatures of Darknesse.”
“In this marvelous dispensation of the fulness of times, our opportunities to give of ourselves are indeed limitless, but they are also perishable.”
“No, what numbed these fields, peopled with bad dreams was not the oppressive grip of a plague but rather an ailing retreat, a sort of sad widowhood. Man had started to subdue these vacant expanses, then had grown weary of eating into it, and now even the desire to preserve what had been claimed had perished. He had established everywhere an ebb, a sorrowful withdrawal. His cuttings into the forest, which were seen at long intervals, had lost their hard edges, their distinct notches: now a thick brushwood had driven its sabbath into the broad daylight of the glades, hiding the naked trunks as high as their lowest branches.”
“I spur my horse past the ruined city; the ruined city, that wakes the traveler's thoughts: ancient battlements, high and low; old grave mounds, great and small. Where the shadow of a single tumbleweed trembles and the voice of the great trees clings forever, I sigh over all these common bones -- No roll of the immortals bears their names.”
“There are many problems which could only be solved by generations which are still to be born later. It's only one way of many how God gives answers to human problems and prayers.”
“We all of us complain of the shortness of time, saith Seneca, and yet have much more than we know what to do with. Our lives, says he, are spent either in doing nothing at all, or in doing nothing to the purpose, or in doing nothing that we ought to do: we are always complaining our days are few, and acting as though there would no end of them."- On the Right Use of Time”
“Money is time. With money I buy for cheerful use the hours which otherwise would not in any sense be mine; nay, which would make me their miserable bondsman.”
“struck by the pain of the ice and the rage of the water below that was forced to make room for the huge piece of frozen time, the glacier, trapped in a solid state for centuries, melting into the ocean and becoming one with its future. She feels small and insignificant in the face of such a display of nature.”
“Since words elude me when I need them most, I learned long ago that I cannot count on QUALITY time with God when I want to pray. I need QUANTITY and regularity. Quality is not something I can predict. My husband, Andy, and I might schedule an elaborate evening out with candles and a gourmet meal, but there is no guarantee that we'll have a wonderful time together -- chopping onions peppers die by side in the kitchen, reading together on the couch, sitting on the front step watching our sons ride bikes, and making plans for our life together. ”
“It's the right idea, but not the right time.”
“It was well said—by Jean Tarrou in The Plague, I think—that attendance at lectures in an unknown language will help to hone one's awareness of the exceedingly slow passage of time. I once had the experience of being 'waterboarded' and can now dimly appreciate how much every second counts in the experience of the torture victim, forced to go on enduring what is unendurable.”
“There's no present left. This is the problem for a novelist. [The problem] is the present is gone. We're all living in the future constantly . . . Back in the day Leo Tolstoy -- what a sweetheart of a count and of a writer -- in the 1860's he wanted to write about the Napoleonic Campaign, about 1812. If you write about 1812 in 1860, a horse is still a horse. A carriage is still a carriage. Obviously, there are been some technological advancements, et cetera, but you don't have to worry about explaining the next killer [iPhone] app or the next Facebook because right now things are happening so quickly. ("Gary Shteyngart: Finding 'Love' In A Dismal Future", NPR interview, August 2, 2010)”
“Money and time are the heaviest burdens of life . . . the unhappiest of all mortals are those who have more of either than they know how to use.”
“Now we realize that time is our most valuable resource, and every minute we spend in one of these meetings just sitting there is time wasted.”
“She felt her future close upon her but unseen, like the sea behind the blowing veil of snow  She would follow Llyr's advice and face it a little every day Day by day, step by step life would go forward. Eventually, the veil would lift, the cold would yield to the sun's warmth, and the world would be reborn. This dark time would pass.”
“Time and death: It's the ultimate vision of an artist at the end of everything. It's just what's there. It was not something I planned to do.”
“If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.”
“The friend of time doesn't spend all day saying: 'I haven't got time.' He doesn't fight with time. He accepts it and cherishes it.”
“Only because a bird doesn't swim in the ocean but flies in the air can it enter the ocean from above; only because God is not temporal can he enter into time.”
“I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me.”
“I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…”
“Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love.”
“Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts, minds and soul ties  not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.”
“Keep the faith. The vision is always for the appointed time. Be patient, prayerful and wait for the fulfillment of your visions.”
“Art is long, and Time is fleeting, And our hearts, though stout and brave, Still, like muffled drums, are beating Funeral marches to the grave.”
“I suffered most from the feeling that custom was daily petrifying our lives into one fixed shape, that our minds were losing their freedom and becoming enslaved to the steady passionless course of time.”
“If time is money and you wasted my time, then give me back my money!”
“why do we personify time? Is it because we’re afraid to admit that our lives are measured by an abstract force that neither knows nor cares about our entry into existence? Or our departure into death? Time is our mysterious master giving it a face and hands we attempt to transform it into our servant.”
“Minutes, foolish mortal, are the base mineral that you must not let go of without extracting their gold!”
“Time is denial's mortal enemy and is always victorious against it.”
“A warrior of the Light is never in a hurry. Time works in his favor; he learns to master his impatience and avoids acting without thinking.”
“It's weird how I am constantly surprised by the passage of time when it's literally the most predictable thing in the Universe.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“You must add value to yourself to be relevant”
“Time passes way too slow when you're waiting for the unknown”
“Time throws you out of its dimensionless planar like a boomerang. It unites with you again in death.”
“You can never know who you really are or what you can do until you discover yourself”
“You must always be proactive”
“If there had been a clock in the room, it would have stopped. Occasionally, there are minutes that get extra seconds. Moments so precious the universe stretches to make additional room for them, and this was one of them. People don't get pauses like these very often. Some people never receive them at all.”
“What a slut time is. She screws everybody ”
“Time neither flies nor sleeps. It is flexible, plastic, ever changing. Spend two hours watching a movie curled up with your lover and time ceases to exist. Spend two hours waiting for your lover to come and time is the iron bars of a prison”
“I listened to time clicking like hooves on pavement. But time isn't something you can rein in. It moves on without pause, taking us with it no matter how much we wish it otherwise.”
“A job shouldn’t be a mean of existence but rather, a means of sustenance”
“Joblessness is a time for reflection”
“Maximize the time you have through hard work, concentration and research”
“The last class of my old professor's life took place once a week in his house, by a window in the study where he could watch a small hibiscus plant shed its pink leaves.”
“And further, God should not be regarded as older than His creations by any period of time, but rather by the peculiar property of His own single nature. For the infinite changing of temporal things tries to imitate the ever simultaneously present immutability of His life: it cannot succeed in imitating or equalling this, but sinks from immutability into change, and falls from the single directness of the present into an infinite space of future and past. And since this temporal state cannot possess its life completely and simultaneously, but it does, in the same manner, exist forever without ceasing, it therefore seems to try in some degree to rival that which it cannot fulfill or represent, for it binds itself to some sort of present time out of this small and fleeting moment; but inasmuch as this temporal present bears a certain appearance of that abiding present, it somehow makes those, to whom it comes, seem to be in truth what they imitate. But since this imitation could not be abiding, the unending march of time has swept it away, and thus we find that it has bound together, as it passes, a chain of life, which it could not by abiding embrace in its fullness. And thus if we would apply proper epithets to those subjects, we can say, following Plato, that God is eternal, but the universe is continual.”
“It's only horrible if you see it that way," Morrie said. "It's horrible to watch my body slowly wilt away to nothing. But it's also wonderful because of all the time I get to say good-bye." He smiled. "Not everyone is so lucky.”
“Modernism, philosophically speaking, is in a sense the ‘‘worship’’ of time and the transient, a kind of deification of time and becoming and all that flows in the temporal order. That is why it resulted quickly in historicism and evolutionism and the theories all of those 19th-century philosophers such as Hegel and Marx and scientists such as Darwin. Such people are very different from one point of view, but they all in a sense divinize history even if Marx rejected the category of ‘‘divine.’’ The historical process is the reality that is domi- nant in modern thought. It is that which determines values and even real- ity today in the dominant Western paradigm.”
“If ever I was running, it was towards you.”
“I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault.”
“I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.”
“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
“I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…”
“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
“Accidents are not accidents but precise arrivals at the wrong right time.”
“It was almost a mystical experience. I do not know how else to put it. My mind outran time as he neared, and it was as though I had an eternity to ponder the approach of this man who was my brother. His garments were filthy, his face blackened, the stump of his right arm raised, gesturing anywhere. The great beast that he rode was striped, black and red, with a wild red mane and tail. But it really was a horse, and its eyes rolled and there was foam at its mouth and its breathing was painful to hear. I saw then that he wore his blade slung across his back, for its haft protruded high above his right shoulder. Still slowing, eyes fixed upon me, he departed the road, bearing slightly toward my left, jerked the reins once and released them, keeping control of the horse with his knees. His left hand went up in a salute-like movement that passed above his head and seized the hilt of his weapon. It came free without a sound, describing a beautiful arc above him and coming to rest in a lethal position out from his left shoulder and slanting back, like a single wing of dull steel with a minuscule line of edge that gleamed like a filament of mirror. The picture he presented was burned into my mind with a kind of magnificence, a certain splendor that was strangely moving. The blade was a long, scythe like affair that I had seen him use before. Only then we had stood as allies against a mutual foe I had begun to believe unbeatable. Benedict had proved otherwise that night. Now that I saw it raised against me I was overwhelmed with a sense of my own mortality, which I had never experienced before in this fashion. It was as though a layer had been stripped from the world and I had a sudden, full understanding of death itself.”
“Without space, there is no time.”
“There are those of us who learn to live completely in the moment. For such people the Past vanishes and the future loses meaning. There is only the Present, which means that two of the three Aalim are surplus to requirements. And then there are those of us who are trapped in yesterdays, in the memory of a lost love, or a childhood home, or a dreadful crime. And some people live only for a better tomorrow; for them the past ceases to exist”
“Never waste time for someone who doesn’t bother to spend time with you, but with someone who will say, time is wasted if I’m not with you.”
“The world is on fire; time is a bomb. Ten thousand years are not enough When so much remains to be done”
“Why did they go away, do you think? If there ever were such things." "Who knows? Times change. Would you call this age a good one for unicorns?" "No, but I wonder if any man before us ever thought his time a good time for unicorns.”
“Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way.”
“ Bohr 's standpoint, that a space-time description is impossible, I reject a limine. Physics does not consist only of atomic research, science does not consist only of physics, and life does not consist only of science. The aim of atomic research is to fit our empirical knowledge concerning it into our other thinking. All of this other thinking, so far as it concerns the outer world, is active in space and time. If it cannot be fitted into space and time, then it fails in its whole aim and one does not know what purpose it really serves.”
“Three things you cannot recover in life: the WORD after it’s said, the MOMENT after it’s missed and the TIME after it’s gone. Now you know.”
“Back then we gave it our all, we neither lied nor made mistakes, we didn't fail and didn't do anything wrong. It's just that TIME has passed and changed it all.”
“There is nothing more powerful than truth. It is undeniable and should always be appreciated. The truth gives you unlimited freedom to be who you are and express how you feel. The truth offers you peace of mind which is something we all love.”
“Maybe what River had meant was that time itself was like a river, moving steadily forward, and you got to be in a new river every day, every hour. All my life I'd felt like a lake. A lake where everyhting was contained, forever. All my experiences, all the different people I'd been, everything I'd had, everything I'd lost I carried them around with me, all the time”
“We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.”
“Las personas con un alto nivel de tolerancia al aburrimiento tienen tiempo de sobra para pensar.”
“ the passage of time, which transformed the volatile present into that finished, unalterable painting called the past, a canvas man always executed blindly, with erratic brushstrokes that only made sense when one stepped far enough away from it to be able to admire it as a whole.”
“What was the constant? Movement. Yes. With time there was always movement. The setting sun. The dripping water. The pendulums. The spilling sand. To realize his destiny, such movement had to cease. He had to stop the flow of time completely …”
“Time is like a barber, it shears you first and then shows you your own face in the mirror. (Marrying Nusrat)”
“There are times that one treasures for all one's life, and such times are burned clearly and sharply on the material of total recall. I felt very fortunate that morning.”
“Vrijeme je možda najvrednija stvar koju svaki čovjek posjeduje,ali to je vrlo teško shvatiti kada prolazi sporo.Mnogo ga je lakše smatrati dragocjenim kada leti i brzo izmiče.”
“Vrijeme se vrti oko nas premda se čini kako smo mi podređeni vrtnjama Vremena.”
“Money should not dictate how I live my life.. I must take charge and become the master of money, so that I decide what I want to do with my time.”
“I used to think I had all the time in the world to do everything I wanted. But what's the use of having all the time in the world if you're always wasting it on things that don't mean a thing?”
“It is early, early morning. It's that time when it's still dark but you know the day is coming. Blue is bleeding through black. Stars are dying.”
“No matter how happy I had been in the past I do not long for it. The present is always the moment for which I love.”
“The tree was so old, and stood there so alone, that his childish heart had been filled with compassion; if no one else on the farm gave it a thought, he would at least do his best to, even though he suspected that his child's words and child's deeds didn't make much difference. It had stood there before he was born, and would be standing there after he was dead, but perhaps, even so, it was pleased that he stroked its bark every time he passed, and sometimes, when he was sure he wasn't observed, even pressed his cheek against it.”
“The nostalgia of a moment's love can be an illusionary precipice from which we fall from truth; in heartbreak, what we escape to in the past is what tortures us in the present.”
“You put your time where your priority is.”
“Time was a film run backward. Suns fled and ten million moons fled after them.”
“Our names were made for us in another century.”
“Time eventually positions most photographs, even the most amateurish, at the level of art.”
“ you seemed to be listening to me, not to find out useful information, but to try to catch me in a logical fallacy. This tells us all that you are used to being smarter than your teachers, and that you listen to them in order to catch them making mistakes and prove how smart you are to the other students. This is such a pointless, stupid way of listening to teachers that it is clear you are going to waste months of our time before you finally catch on that the only transaction that matters is a transfer of useful information from adults who possess it to children who do not, and that catching mistakes is a criminal misuse of time.”
“I can see,’ Miss Emily said, ‘that it might look as though you were simply pawns in a game. It can certainly be looked at like that. But think of it. You were lucky pawns. There was a certain climate and now it’s gone. You have to accept that sometimes that’s how things happen in the world. People’s opinions, their feelings, they go one way, then the other. It just so happens you grew up at a certain point in this process.’ ‘It might be just some trend that came and went,’ I said. ‘But for us, it’s our life.”
“The passage of time will usually extract the venom of most things and render them harmless”
“When we mourn those who die young – those who have been robbed of time – we weep for lost joys. We weep for opportunities and pleasure we ourselves have never known. We feel sure that somehow that young body would have known the yearning delight for which we searched in vain all our lives. We believe that the untried soul, trapped in its young prison, might have flown free and known the joy that we still seek.”
“Max had once read in one of his father's books that some childhood images become engraved in the mind like photographs, like scenes you can return to again and again and will always remember, no matter how much time goes by.”
“Time itself made all things rare.”
“Your mind is the knife that cuts the continuum of space and time into neat slices of linear experience.”
“All you have to do is choose the right day, the right weather, and you come upon a hidden place in the morning light where time stopped long before you were born”
“My own eyes try to sleep, but they don't. They stay wide awake as time snarls forward and silence drops down, like measured thought.”
“Esoteric things progress not according to time, but by activity, they can be slow or quick, depending upon the efforts made.”
“I am talking to you, but the moment I am talking to you, the universe is being created and destroyed.”
“Time: old cold time, old sorrow, settling down in layers like silt in a pond.”
“The hours here are flat and round, disks of gray layered one on top of the other they move slowly, at a grind, until it seems as though they are not moving at all. They are just pressing down ”
“At the sound of my name, those two worlds on either side of me collide, and my lips meet his. Time ceases to exist, and so, apparently does any logic that my mind is hanging on to. Logic would say that this is insane; every other fibre of my being says it's right.”
“Because you can text while doing something else, texting does not seem to take time but to give you time. This is more than welcome; it is magical.”
“You are not meant to serve time. Time is meant to serve you. Become the master of your now”
“Time takes no holiday. It does not roll idly by, but through our senses works its own wonders in the mind. Time came and went from one day to the next; in its coming and its passing it brought me other hopes and other memories. [quoted in Peter Brown, Augustine of Hippo, p. 54]”
“[T]he people who are close to Allah worry so much about wasting time that they call themselves to account for every breath they spend - how many of us wonder about how we spend our day, let alone each breath?”
“It is still this moment and that will be true of every moment that follows, assuming this moment ever ends, which, if I am lucky, it won't.”
“Time. For some it was a great healer, the ultimate fixer of bad break-ups, shake-ups, and heartache… For others, Time was an insidious stealer of all things they want most in life, stripping it away from them by sneakily changing the rules of obtaining it… For all the joyful wishes and hopeful desires held near and dear to our hearts, Time was the one element most likely to keep it from our reach. To me, Time was all of these, and none. Time simply is. It’s the framework in which we play out the games of our lives, but the secret is not to control it. It is not to master it. It is simply to learn to exist fully within the moment, to be aware of every facet of our being, and to wring every ounce of joy from it. Perhaps we were our own thieves, lamenting the absence of even a spare moment to enjoy life, when all it really takes is to stop the complaints, take the moment firmly in hand, and make it our own. Because the secret is that Time passes, and if you let it, it will leave you in its wake, aching with every beat of your heart and in every fiber of your being for what you have missed.”
“I always wanted to know what it is right. Maybe we know each other from time immemorial, if you know that in you is the eternal energy of goodness, which is most important for you.”
“I'm sure, the highest capacity of storage device, will not enough to record all our stories; because, everytime with you is very valuable data”
“The tiny Lilliputians surmise that Gulliver's watch may be his god, because it is that which, he admits, he seldom does anything without consulting.”
“But love, sooner or later, forces us out of time. It does not accept that limit. Of all that we feel and do, all the virtues and all the sins, love alone crowds us at last over the edge of the world. For love is always more than a little strange here. It is not explainable or even justifiable. It is itself the justifier. We do not make it. If it did not happen to us, we could not imagine it. It includes the world and time as a pregnant woman includes her child whose wrongs she will suffer and forgive. It is in the world but is not altogether of it. It is of eternity. It takes us there when it most holds us here.”
“  why I like timetables, because they make sure I don't get lost in time.”
“As for time, all men have it in abundance.”
“Is that all time is - our perception of how quickly it does or does not pass?”
“To the non-combatants and those on the periphery of action, the war meant only boredom or occasional excitement, but to those who entered the meat grinder itself the war was a netherworld of horror from which escape seemed less and less likely as casualties mounted and the fighting dragged on and on. Time had no meaning, life had no meaning. The fierce struggle for survival in the abyss of Peleliu had eroded the veneer of civilization and made savages of us all.”
“The only currency that we really have to spend during our lives is time. Everything else is just a sub-category.”
“You knows dat in New Orleans is not morning 'til dee sun come up.”
“you live through . . . that little piece of time that is yours, but that piece of time is not only your own life, it is the summing-up of all the other lives that are simultaneous with yours. It is, in other words, History, and what you are is an expression of History.”
“Time is just quantified eternity.”
“The great opposition to reading is what I allow to fill my time instead of reading. To say we have no time to read is not really true; we simply have chosen to use our time for other things, or have allowed our time to be filled to the exclusion of reading. So don't add reading to your to-do list. Just stop doing the things that keep you from doing it. But read.”
“You must not think of time as a quantity, a period, a measure. Look at the sky," Gwynneth said. "The moon has now slipped away to another night, into another world. It was not the time it was here that you remember, Faolan, but rather the luminescence of the air, the blue shadows cast by the trees in its light. It was not the length of the time but the quality of the moon's light that you felt and remember." Gwynneth paused. "It is the value, the quality that lives on.”
“You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.”
“Memory is not an instrument for exploring the past but its theatre. It is the medium of past experience, as the ground is the medium in which dead cities lie interred.”
“Gradually it became known that the new race had a definite purpose, and that purpose was to chart and possess the whole country, regardless of the rights of its earlier inhabitants. Still the old chiefs cautioned their people to be patient, for, said they, the land is vast, both races can live on it, each in their own way. Let us therefore befriend them and trust their friendship. While they reasoned thus, the temptations of graft and self-aggrandizement overtook some of the leaders.”
“Most of our lives are crucified between two thieves, yesterday and tomorrow. We never live today. But the time to live is now. It is today.”
“But clouds bellied out in the sultry heat, the sky cracked open with a crimson gash, spewed flame-and the ancient forest began to smoke. By morning there was a mass of booming, fiery tongues, a hissing, crashing, howling all around, half the sky black with smoke, and the bloodied sun just barely visible. And what can little men do with their spades, ditches, and pails? The forest is no more, it was devoured by fire: stumps and ash. Perhaps illimitable fields will be plowed here one day, perhaps some new, unheard-of wheat will ripen here and men from Arkansas with shaven faces will weigh in their palms the heavy golden grain. Or perhaps a city will grow up-alive with ringing sound and motion, all stone and crystal and iron-and winged men will come here flying over seas and mountains from all ends of the world. But never again the forest, never again the blue winter silence and the golden silence of summer. And only the tellers of tales will speak in many-colored patterned words about what had been, about wolves and bears and stately green-coated century-old grandfathers, about old Russia; they will speak about all this to us who have seen it with our own eyes ten years - a hundred years! - ago, and to those others, the winged ones, who will come in a hundred years to listen and to marvel at it all as at a fairy tale. ("In Old Russia")”
“Do I have YOUR permission to be a Supernatural God? If I want to open heaven, and in a moment in time, touch the heart of a daughter and supernaturally break all the darkness, shame, and torment in her life, MAY I DO THAT?”
“when you live forever and don't age, it gives you time to hope”
“Time, we like to say, cures all. But maybe the old saying doesn’t mean time heals. Time cures a secret in its brine, keeping it and finally, paradoxically, destroying it. Nothing is left in that salt solution but the pain or rage, the biting shame that lodged it there. Even they are diluted or denied.”
“What is far is very close, and what is close is very far”
“And so I told myself to take that one. Because Father said clocks slay time. He said time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life. The hands were extended, slightly off the horizontal at a faint angle, like a gull tilting into the wind.”
“an English girl might well believe that time is how you spend your love.”
“You chose to live here now. You should try to live in the present.”
“Time was spinning numerous threads for its tapestry, some to be woven together, some to entangle or fray, others merely to perish and pass away.”
“It is always worth itemizing happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers of happiness while you can.”
“Smartass Disciple: Where were all things before the time began? Master of Stupidity: What was the time before all things created?”
“Finally, the functionalist organization, by privileging progress (i.e. time), causes the condition of its own possibility--space itself--to be forgotten: space thus becomes the blind spot in a scientific and political technology. This is the way in which the Concept-city functions: a place of transformations and appropriations, the object of various kinds of interference but also a subject that is constantly enriched by new attributes, it is simultaneously the machinery and the hero of modernity.”
“Chronotropic Drugs: Drugs engineered to affect one's sense of time. Chronodecelocotropic drugs have no short term effect but over time give one the impression that time feels longer. Chronoaccelocotropic drugs have the opposite effect.”
“Who knows the life which does not burn its own time moments?”
“ I'd Better Not-- A man leaned over to a man in a pub And said in a voice ‘I used to be thirty seven but now I’m fifty one’. And that’s how the years go. In handfuls. Like somebody is almost at the end of a bag of crisps And they tip the bag up And it’s as though they’re drinking crisps. That’s how the years go.”
“আমি অতো তাড়াতাড়ি কোথাও যেতে চাই না; আমার জীবন যা চায় সেখানে হেঁটে হেঁটে পৌঁছুবার সময় আছে, পৌঁছে অনেকক্ষণ বসে অপেক্ষা করবার অবসর আছে। জীবনের বিবিধ অত্যাশ্চর্য সফলতার উত্তেজনা অন্য সবাই বহন করে করুক; আমি প্রয়োজন বোধ করি না : আমি এক গভীরভাবে অচল মানুষ হয়তো এই নবীন শতাব্দীতে নক্ষত্রের নিচে।”
“Is Dust immortal then, I ask'd him, so that we may see it blowing through the Centuries? But as Walter gave no Answer I jested with him further to break his Melancholy humour: What is Dust, Master Pyne? And he reflected a little: It is particles of Matter, no doubt. Then we are all Dust indeed, are we not? And in a feigned Voice he murmered, For Dust thou art and shalt to Dust return. Then he made a Sour face, but only yo laugh the more.”
“Fear no more," said Clarissa. Fear no more the heat o' the sun; for the shock of Lady Bruton asking Richard to lunch without her made the moment in which she had stood shiver, as a plant on the river-bed feels the shock of a passing oar and shivers: so she rocked: so she shivered. Millicent Bruton, whose lunch parties were said to be extraordinarily amusing, had not asked her. No vulgar jealousy could separate her from Richard. But she feared time itself, and read on Lady Bruton's face, as if it had been a dial cut in impassive stone, the dwindling of life; how year by year her share was sliced; how little the margin that remained was capable any longer of stretching, of absorbing, as in the youthful years, the colours, salts, tones of existence, so that she filled the room she entered, and felt often as she stood hesitating one moment on the threshold of her drawing-room, an exquisite suspense, such as might stay a diver before plunging while the sea darkens and brightens beneath him, and the waves which threaten to break, but only gently split their surface, roll and conceal and encrust as they just turn over the weeds with pearl.”
“For the machine meant the conquest of horizontal space. It also meant a sense of that space which few people had experienced before – the succession and superimposition of views, the unfolding of landscape in flickering surfaces as one was carried swiftly past it, and an exaggerated feeling of relative motion (the poplars nearby seeming to move faster than the church spire across the field) due to parallax. The view from the train was not the view from the horse. It compressed more motifs into the same time. Conversely, it left less time in which to dwell on any one thing.”
“Had I realized at the time that for Austerlitz certain moments had no beginning or end, while on the other hand his whole life had sometimes seemed to him a blank point without duration, I would probably have waited more patiently.”
“There is more time than there is expanse of the world and so any voyage at last will end.”
“In 1850, August Salzmann photographed, near Jerusalem, the road to Beith-Lehem (as it was spelled at the time): nothing but stony ground, olive trees; but three tenses dizzy my consciousness: my present, the time of Jesus, and that of the photographer, all this under the instance of 'reality' — and no longer through the elaborations of the text, whether fictional or poetic, which itself is never credible down to the root. ”
“On the whole I try to keep Modesty and Willie in timeless settings, which is why I avoid all the latest slang and in-words. It won't be long before 'brill' sounds as dated as 'super' does now. [Uncle Happy, 1990]”
“Time is funny lately, nothing to do with clocks.”
“A little while, their hunger unfulfilled, The mothlike worlds flit 'round the guttering sun. ("Ephemera")”
“His body and his soul appeared to have the strange ability to repel the hours, just as, inversely, a magnet attracts metal. Everything spun about him and fled; he was always the sole centre of an enormous circumference. He kept moving forwards, body and soul, in the hope of coming close to what fled at his approach. The same thing happened with time – his position remained constant in relation to the thing which, however hard he tried to clasp it to him, stole away from him and bounded into the distance. He was the one who had no incriminating papers in his drawers, who could show his diary to anyone. He was a creator. Perhaps that was why his life did not exist”
“No, it was simply that I was uninterested in making, as I saw it, a Xerox of some old emotional state. I was in my mid-thirties, with a marriage more or less behind me. I was no longer vulnerable to curiosity's enormous momentum. I had nothing new to murmur to another on the subject of myself and not the smallest eagerness about being briefed on Danielle's supposedly unique trajectory—a curve described under the action, one could safely guess, of the usual material and maternal and soulful longings, a few thwarting tics of character, and luck good and bad. A life seemed like an old story.”
“[I]st nicht die Zeit wie die Liebe, ungeteilt und ungezügelt?”
“Schönheit ist Ewigkeit, die sich in einem Spiegel anschaut. - Aber ihr seid die Ewigkeit, und ihr seid der Spiegel.”
“It’s quite certain there are places to which the whole past is as though attached, on which are traced in secret letters for people who are centuries removed from us their thoughts, their will…”
“Time is, in fact, a cross to bear, it passes on inexorably and remorselessly, destroying everything in its wake, save art and works of the intellect.”
“Eternity is the stopped heart of Time.”
“You see, Valentin, there is no such thing as time. It's just a road, a path to travel on. Most of the world is on a train, traveling forward all the time, speeding toward death, with a set schedule and someone else in charge.”
“Smartass Disciple: What were said for things before the time exist? Master of Stupidity: No words to be said by no man at no time at all.”
“Everything in the universe is about time except time. Time is about existence.”
“Men have invented various names in which to measure distance, and have a certain pleasure in assigning units of one to the other, it is the sense that so many inches toi the spans, and so many spans to the league; in the sense that a league in the Sorannah is almost two leagues within the ancient confines of Seawall, that is, within the barony that once held the city of Dragaera, and, at the time of which we have the honor to write, still held a portion of it; yet. for all of this measurement, it is understood by those who travel and by those who listen to travelers that the meaningful unit by which distance can be measured is time.”
“«Questo è quel che sognavo» pensai. «Così speravo che fosse, la vita a Manderley.» Avrei voluto restare lì seduta, senza parlare, senza dover ascoltare gli altri, riponendo nel cassetto dell'eternità questo momento in cui tutti eravamo in pace, soddisfatti e un po' assopiti, perfino l'ape che ci volava attorno. Tra poco non sarebbe più stato lo stesso, sarebbero arrivati un altro giorno, un altro anno. E noi forse saremmo cambiati, non ci saremmo mai più seduti così. Qualcuno di noi sarebbe partito, o si sarebbe ammalto, o sarebbe morto: il futuro si estendeva davanti a noi, sconosciuto, imprevedibile, forse non sarebbe stato quel che volevamo, quel che avevamo disposto. Ma il momento presente era salvo, era intoccabile. Maxim e io eravamo seduti qui, mano nella mano, il passato e il futuro non avevano alcuna importanza. La sicurezza stava in questo insignificante frammento di tempo, che lui non avrebbe mai ricordato.   Per loro era solo un dopo pranzo, le tre e un quarto di un pomeriggio qualsiasi, un'ora e un giorno come tutti gli altri. Loro - a differenza di me - non avevano il desiderio di trattenere questo momento, di salvarlo. Non avevano paura, loro.”
“Jedina vrednost koja postoji na svetu jeste vreme. Jedna sekunda je uvek sekunda, i o tome nema pregovora.”
“New Year New Moment in time.”
“Difficult times help us understand who is a good friend and who is just a friend.”
“Value your time and don't waste it on the people that don't value yours. Time is precious.”
“The essence of every moment is to find the reason or purpose for being in a particular place at a specific point in time.”
“In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes: so with time present.”
“It is cruel that we are granted the desire to know, but denied the time to do so properly. We all die frustrated; it is the greatest lesson we have to learn.”
“when a man has little time, he must take care to maintain his calm. We must act as if we had eternity before us.”
“You don't get time. You create time.”
“Time interacts with attention in funny ways. At one extreme, when Ruth was gripped by the compulsive mania and hyperfocus of an Internet search, the hours seemed to aggregate and swell like a wave, swallowing huge chunks of her day. At the other extreme, when her attention was disengaged and fractured, she experienced time at its most granular, wherein moments hung around like particles, diffused and suspended in standing water. There used to be a middle way, too, when her attention was focused but vast, and time felt like a limpid pool, ringed by sunlit ferns. An underground spring fed the pool from deep below, creating a gentle current of words that bubbled up, while on the surface, breezes shimmered and played.”
“Time drips, heavy, slow…”
“Be not afraid of whirlpools, of strong winds, and murky waves. Fear the creature that dwells in the darkest depths, the ice-shackled Kraken, that threatens to surface and your soul to keep.”
“You can hear it in the midst of the night While your gaze roams the vast plains on the ceiling”
“Trying to please everybody is what you'll soon get tired of, because as time goes on, those you're pleasing will get tired of you.”
“Maggots gnaw on time Glistening ghostly in dark crevices As I wait, resigned”
“In every time of season change: it is #wise to slow down and examine what our ego, thought-habits, and spiritual-energy are communicating to others our environments. Truth is these thoughts (attitudes that aren't situationally static) are producing real activity, outcomes that shape our existence. Consider the conception of our thoughts, and what they will give birth to beyond the physical they have an incredible power, with or without our active will, to lift us, sink us or soar us. Consider how we as human beings can be subject to the law enforcement of living under our own thought legislation Selah.”
“Let us strive together to part with time more reluctantly, to watch the pinions of the fleeting moment until they are dim in the distance, and the new-coming moment claims our attention.”
“There is no antidote against the opium of time, which temporally considereth all things: our fathers find their graves in our short memories, and sadly tell us how we may be buried in our survivors. Gravestones tell truth scarce forty years. Generations pass while some trees stand, and old families last not three oaks.”
“Money without time is next to meaningless.”
“She stared at me, like day stares at an hourglass and night, the sand trickling through time; the sea disappearing to eyes in the dark. But I hear her waves coming in, as she whispers one last chance goodbye.”
“No, we don't accomplish our love in a single year as the flowers do; an immemorial sap flows up through our arms when we love. (Siehe, wir lieben nicht, wie die Blumen, aus einem einzigen Jahr; uns steigt, wo wir lieben, unvordenklicher Saft in die Arme.)”
“Time is the empty space that allows knowledge—let alone wisdom—to grow.”
“Somehow everything always came down to time, she realized with perfect lucidity. There was either too much or too little. It either passed too quickly or too slowly. It didn’t belong to anyone—it was simply a gift, bestowed by God, and yet eternally taken for granted. She closed her eyes for a moment, wishing Time could be tamed—reigned in—and tethered, synchronized with human needs and wants. But that wasn’t the case, was it?”
“Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?.. He would not wither. He would not be ashamed of dying.”
“After the funeral, my life changed. I felt as if time were suddenly precious, water going down an open drain, and I could not move quickly enough. No more playing music at half-empty night clubs. No more writing songs in my apartment, songs that no one would hear.”
“I wrote articles about rich athletes who, for the most part, could not care less about people like me. .. My days were full, yet I remained, much of the time, unsatisfied. What happened to me?”
“But I can sit here with my dwindling days and look at what I think is important in life. I have both the time - and the reason - to do that.”
“Holding him like that moved me in a way I cannot describe, except to say I felt the seeds of death inside his shrivelling frame, and as I laid him in his chair, adjusting his head on the pillows, I had the coldest realisation that our time was running out.”
“If some mystical clarity of thought came when you looked death in the eye, then I knew Morrie wanted to share it. And I wanted to remember it for as long as I could.”
“Be what you must, because who you are is all of us.”
“Only now that he had great swathes of time could he begin to have hobbies. This was why art was such an incalculable luxury: it sent out a message saying, "I have time to subcontract all the menial, dull chores out to others; I waste hours in idle contemplation of a piece of cloth covered in spots; I am an art lover; I am time-rich. I can mooch about in a sea of pickled sharks.”
“To be completely ignorant of the collective past seems to me to be another state of amnesia; you would be untethered, adrift in time. Which is why all societies have sought some kind of memory bank, whether by way of folklore, story-telling, recitation of the ancestors--from Homer to Genesis. And why the heritage industry does so well today; most people may not be particularly interested in the narrative of the past, in the detail or the discussion, but they are glad to know that it is there.”
“Time & Money. Many of us have neither. Some have one but not the other. A rare few have both.”
“God gives us all 24 hours in a day. How we spend it is up to us, how we are judged on it is up to him. Use God’s gift of time wisely.”
“Then for a brief moment he saw everything completely differently. Open space, empty and endless, stretched away in all “directions. Everything within this dead expanse, every living thing was helpless and alone. Things were happening by accident, and when the accident failed, automatic law appeared – the rhythmical machinery of nature, the cogs and pistons of history, conformity with the rules that was rotting from the inside and crumbling to dust. Cold and sorrow reigned everywhere. Every creature was trying to huddle up to something, to cling to something, to things, to each other, but all that resulted was suffering and despair. The quality of what Izydor saw was temporality. Under a colourful outer coating everything was merging in collapse, decay, and destruction.”
“Time is the diary of God.”
“It shamed her that she hadn't been able to escape sooner, that they'd stuck together in such a sickly, co-dependent, useless sort of life.”
“I never have time to write anymore. And when I do I only write about how I never have time. It's work and it's money and I've written more lists than songs lately. I stay up all night to do all these things I need to do, be all these things I want to be, playing with shadows in the darkness that shouldn't be able to exist. Empty bottles and cigarettes while watching the sunrise, why do I complain? I have it all, everything I ever asked for.”
“You get diminishing returns when you are restricted to your comfort zone”
“Understanding the value of time is understanding the true essence of life”
“There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.”
“Time is the single most important resource that we have. Every single minute we lose is never coming back.”
“Don’t just be a deliverer of yourself, but a deliverer of your whole nation”
“Don’t be too stereotyped, be ready to explore new opportunities”
“There is a huge difference between living a Christian life and living a religious life”
“A selfish life isn’t God’s purpose for you”
“Use time to create the nature of God in yourself”
“Time is information we don't have. Time is our ignorance.”
“Always be the light. Do not wait for others to take responsibility”
“A purposeless life is a meaningless life”
“Once you are saved, you have to locate your own territory”
“The essence of life is fulfillment”
“Don’t just make use of a gift, look inside you and maximize others”
“You must be able to bring relevance to people”
“To work for God effectively, you have to expand and stretch yourself”
“You have to bring relevance to people before teaching them the ways of Christ”
“Locate the needs of the people and find out how best you can help them before bringing them to Christ”
“We were all created differently, each with his/her calling and purpose”
“Your life would never have a meaning if you don’t have a goal or purpose”
“A life without concrete product is a meaningless one”
“The purpose of the church is to reveal to the people who God is”
“The goal is not to be delivered of your problem only but to be an instrument of God”
“You shouldn’t live for yourself alone but you must also learn to live the Christian life”
“You have to discover how best you can manage your time to carry out your work effectively”
“The way we assess time as humans determines what we become”
“Your daily actions should be productive”
“Knowing what to do with time is the key to being productive”
“Measure your life by the product and value you produce daily”
“Evaluate and assess your life on a daily”
“Your destiny lies in your hands and can be molded with each passing day by the choices you make”
“After you discover your purpose, you have to build a platform for your calling”
“Don’t act based on religion; always have a purpose and focus”
“Life is a race against time”
“Your race is your diminishing life”
“Don’t allow your life disappear into an abstract mirage”
“Your race against life must yield effort for you to be productive”
“Always be intentional and purposeful in life”
“Losing your job gives you the ability to decide what product each unit of your passing life should produce”
“Joblessness gives you control over the product of your life”
“The only way to live a life without regret is to make sure each unit of time that passes is being converted into product”
“Be conscious about life and time in order to maximize your time effectively”
“Always account for each unit of passing time”
“You’ve got little time on earth, make each day count”
“Always make positive use of every second and minute”
“We were created by God to carry out and fulfill His divine purpose for our lives”
“We were created to purposefully live a life that glorifies God”
“We have to discover the essence of our creation for us to carry out our purpose as believers”
“No human was created without a purpose”
“You have to discover the needs of the people you want to minister to”
“You need to use the instrument that the people desire to captivate them back to things that are right”
“Do not do anything local as believers. Whatever you do should be magnified to be comprehensive”
“When you increase and multiply, you get much more influence and reach beyond your imagination”
“Our goal in life is to bring the Kingdom of God to people and help change their lives”
“Don’t just bring religion to people but also change their value system”
“Take love to people and teach them to abide by the principles of God”
“Teach the people the Word before converting and baptizing them”
“Reveal to the people and make them experience God first before you make them church members”
“To be productive, effective and to live a life of understanding and wisdom is not to waste time”
“The best way to assess yourself is to base the assessment on the product you produce daily”
“Time wasted can never be compensated”
“Always invest your life in your calling and purpose”
“To waste time is to lose life”
“What you do with your time daily is essential for spiritual and physical growth”
“What you do with your time on a daily basis determines what values will be added to your life”
“You need to invest time in understanding and discovering yourself”
“Knowing what to do with time is the first step to take when you lose your job”
“Time must be converted into product”
“To know what to do with time is to convert a day”
“To convert a day is to produce a product”
“Time spent effectively can be compensated”
“When you invest in life, you are being fruitful and productive”
“Life is in time; seconds, minutes and hours”
“To lose time is to lose life”
“Time should be assessed as seconds, minutes and hours so as to be maximized effectively”
“To maximize time is to make sure that every second, minute and hour counts”
“Every minute, hour and hour that passes daily should be converted into product”
“Every unit of time that passes daily should be accounted for”
“Never let a day be your control factor”
“Time should be reproduced and multiplied”
“Always spend your time adding value to your life”
“Create/add value to your life on a daily basis”
“To build yourself is to add value to your life”
“A product should be made intentionally”
“Life should be measured with product”
“You need to live a productive life”
“Always evaluate and determine the product of your life”
“Always ask yourself what you have achieved within a given time and the product of your life”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“সময় শোকের চেয়ে বলশালী। শোক তীরভূমি, সময় জাহ্নবী। সময় শোকের ওপর পলি ফেলে আর পলি ফেলে। তারপর একদিন প্রকৃতির অমোঘনিয়ম অনুযায়ী, সময়ের পলিতে চাপা পড়া শোকের ওপর ছোট ছোট অঙ্কুরের আঙুল বেরোয়। অঙ্কুর। আশার-দুঃখের-চিন্তার-বিদ্বেষের। আঙুলগুলো ওপরে ওঠে, আকাশ খামচায়। সময় সব পারে।”
“Time passes so fast. Make time to be still.”
“Time's passage through the memory is like molten glass that can be opaque or crystallize at any given moment at will: a thousand days are melted into one conversation, one glance, one hurt, and one hurt can be shattered and sprinkled over a thousand days.”
“God speaks to you all the time ~ Have you tuned in to the cosmic vibrations of love, harmony, peace, and truth? Unless you quieten that blabbering little mind of yours, you won’t be able to listen to the Divine music that plays on and on  Just for one heavenly second, shut your eyes, ears, and mind to the cacophonous noises of this physical, illusionary, temporary world. Exit all the drama. Just for that one heavenly second, stay quiet and simply listen. Listen to the ambrosial sound. It vibrates with joy. You can have more of this soulful peace in your life, if only you choose to align yourself with the Source of Love and Light. The more you stay attuned to "Home", the less you’d wander in-vain.”
“(after many years) we were still at that first stage, still preparing to begin a journey, but we were changed nevertheless; we could see this in one another; we had changed although we never moved, and one said, ah, behold how we have aged, traveling from day to night only, neither forward nor sideward, and this seemed in a strange way miraculous. And those who believed we should have a purpose believed this was the purpose, and those who felt we must remain free in order to encounter truth felt it had been revealed.”
“It's been 12 years now, and I think he still can read my smiles. The way my lips stretch, making my eyes look smaller than they already are. The way my cheeks turn a little red, forming new wrinkles near my eyes. The way the dimple on my face makes a visit whenever I smile meeting someone I haven't seen in ages. It's been 12 years now, and I haven't smiled at him even once.”
“One day we were born, one day we shall die, the same day, the same second.”
“This is going to take forever." "I wouldn't mind spending forever with you," Zaid winked.”
“What was closure if not a clock? Not an end as everyone imagined, but a beginning.”
“I don't think a single one of them had any clear idea of time, as we at the end of countless ages have. They still belonged to the beginnings of time—”
“Why are some things easier to remember the more time has passed since they occurred?”
“Time wasn't passing so much as kneeling beside him in a torn tee-shirt disclosing the rodent-nosed tits of a man who disdains the care of his once-comely bod.”
“Time is but an illusion created by beings with limited perception.”
“If you are working with no vision to be own your own boss, you are no different from people who are unemployed”
“Peter sank. "I'd give anything to see time.”
“Arriving someplace more desirable at some future time is an illusion. This is it.”
“Surely even those immune from the world, for the time being, need the touch of one another, or all is lost.”
“time's precious, waste it wisely”
“An imagined landscape, then, is a landscape not of being but of becoming: a composition not of objects and surfaces but of movements and stillness, not there to be surveyed but cast in the current of time.”
“Never let employment hinder you from fulfillment”
“You must develop your skills around your calling”
“She had needed the time to know that this love would not destroy her, and I had, I now knew, given her that time, could give it, for it was what I had in great supply.”
“I don't have much time' is a lousy excuse. There is always time, what we you don't have is the skills to manage the time.”
“In the end, Nora, there’s only time. All we have is time…and even if this wasn’t happening, we still don’t ever have much…no one does. We only have the moment we’re in. We have right now.”
“Getting fired from work does not make you a failure. Letting it take control of your life is what does”
“The most successful people in the world today are entrepreneurs”
“Channel your energy into your God-given purpose. Being out of a job gives you all the time you need to grow”
“A job should only be a stepping stone to being your own boss”
“For you to be successful in your promised land, you must study the land”
“I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.”
“Your personal truth is your gift to the world.”
“I’m in no hurry: the sun and the moon aren’t, either. Nobody goes faster than the legs they have. If where I want to go is far away, I’m not there in an instant. (6/20/1919)”
“Time can play all sorts of tricks on you. In the blink of an eye, babies appear in carriages, coffins disappear into the ground, wars are won and lost, and children transform, like butterflies, into adults. That's what happened to me. Once upon a time, I was a boy named Hugo Cabret, and I desperately believed that a broken automaton would save my life. Now that my cocoon has fallen away and I have emerged as a magician named Professor Alcofrisbas, I can look back and see that I was right. The automaton my father discovered did save me. But now I have built a new automaton. I spent countless hours designing it. I made every gear myself, carefully cut every brass disk, and fashioned every bt of machinery with my own hands. When you wind it up, it can do something I'm sure no other automaton in the world can do. It can tel you the incredible story of Georges Melies, his wife, their goddaughter, and a beloved clock maker whose son grew up to be a magician. The complicated machinery inside my automaton can produce one-hundred and fifty-eight different pictures, and it can wrote, letter, by letter, an entire book, twenty-six thousand one hundred and fifty-nine words. These words. THE END”
“Time passes: yesterday has gone for ever but tomorrow never comes. Let's make the most of today.”
“I spent the next three hours in classrooms, trying not to look at the clocks over various blackboards, and then looking at the clocks, and then being amazed that only a few minutes had passed since I last looked at the clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight for the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.”
“Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.”
“How baffling it is that we imagined cities incinerated by alien bombs and death rays when all they really needed was Mother Nature and time.”
“A real dreamer must have a mutual trust with time.”
“So we live; a spirit that broods and hovers over the continual death of time, the lost meaning, the unrecaptured moment, the unremembered face, until the final chop that ends all our moments and plunges that spirit back into the void from which it came.”
“ The Unchanging Sun-swept beaches with a light wind blowing From the immense blue circle of the sea, And the soft thunder where long waves whiten— These were the same for Sappho as for me. Two thousand years—much has gone by forever, Change takes the gods and ships and speech of men— But here on the beaches that time passes over The heart aches now as then.”
“I miss being the age when I thought I'd have my shit together by the time I was the age I am now..”
“Seems like everything lead up to this day and it's just like every day that's ever been. Sun goin' up and then the sun it goin' down.”
“How obvious can it be?   The purpose of makeup is to defy the degradations of time, and time is just a synonym for death.”
“Time, the spaces of light and dark, had long since lost orderliness.”
“[The] tremendous and still accelerating development of science and technology has not been accompanied by an equal development in social, economic, and political patterns We are now only beginning to explore the potentialities which it offers for developments in our culture outside technology, particularly in the social, political and economic fields. It is safe to predict that such social inventions as modern-type Capitalism, Fascism, and Communism will be regarded as primitive experiments directed toward the adjustment of modern society to modern methods”
“You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.”
“And there was that trick he did with time, making it speed up when we were together and drag til I saw him again.”
“ Only In Sleep Only in sleep I see their faces, Children I played with when I was a child, Louise comes back with her brown hair braided, Annie with ringlets warm and wild. Only in sleep Time is forgotten -- What may have come to them, who can know? Yet we played last night as long ago, And the doll-house stood at the turn of the stair. The years had not sharpened their smooth round faces, I met their eyes and found them mild -- Do they, too, dream of me, I wonder, And for them am I too a child?”
“The creation of the world did not occur at the beginning of time, it occurs every day.”
“We spend too much time keeping up with celebrities. They're living their dreams, what about you? Are you where you want to be in life. Get off the couch, turn off the tv and start achieving your goals.”
“The passing time is painful. I have lost the art of moving simply, naturally, within it. I am swept back against its flow. Angry, vindictive, it pierces me all the time, all the time with its spikes.”
“And there is neither beginning nor end, nor past nor future; there is only a present, at the same time static and ephemeral, multiple and absolute. It is the vital ocean in which we all share, according to our strength, our needs or our desires.”
“Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge, let's go!”
“How much time? Not as much as I had yesterday.”
“Time owed an alliance to the undying.”
“Time is just going on and on .But I still here Idle just Waiting for someone and nothing else”
“Time doesn’t change anything; that is why we still worship asshole Arabs.”
“Please give it up. Fear it no less than the sensual passion, because it, too, may take up all your time and deprive you of your health, peace of mind and happiness in life. [Having himself spent a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to prove Euclid's postulate that parallel lines do not meet, Farkas discouraged his son János from any further attempt.]”
“Money is far commoner than time. When one reflects, one perceives that money is just about the commonest thing there is.”
“What is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. No time to stand beneath the boughs And stare as long as sheep or cows. No time to see, when woods we pass, Where squirrels hide their nuts in grass. No time to see, in broad daylight, Streams full of stars, like skies at night. No time to turn at Beauty's glance, And watch her feet, how they can dance. No time to wait till her mouth can Enrich that smile her eyes began. A poor life this if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. - Leisure ”
“Then you must reconcile yourself to the fact that something is always hurt by any change. If you do this, you will not be hurt yourself.”
“When you read the account of a murder - or, say, a fiction story based on murder - you usually begin with the murder itself. That's all wrong. The murder begins a long time beforehand. A murder is the culmination of a lot of different circumstances, all converging at a given moment at a given point. People are brought into it from different parts of the globe and for unforeseen reasons. [ ] The murder itself is the end of the story. It's Zero Hour.” He paused. “It's Zero Hour now.”
“I -- I alone know how to mourn for him as he deserves.' But while we were still shaking hands, such a look of awful desolation came upon her face that I perceived she was one of those creatures that are not the playthings of Time. For her he had died only yesterday. And, by Jove! the impression was so powerful that for me, too, he seemed to have died only yesterday -- nay, this very minute. I saw her and him in the same instant of time -- his death and her sorrow -- I saw her sorrow in the very moment of his death. Do you understand? I saw them together -- I heard them together.”
“He did not waste time in a vain search for a place in history.”
“Time is the mercy of Eternity; without Time's swiftness/ Which is the swiftest of all things: all were eternal torment.”
“There is only as much space, only as much time, Only as much desire, only as many words, Only as many pages, only as much ink To accept all of us at light-speed Hurrying into the Promised Land Of oblivion that is waiting for us sooner or later.”
“Life could be horrible in the wrong trouser of time.”
“Time will tell, I suppose, or at least, these pages will.”
“From time to time I once wondered how one wanders from time to time And think up the paradox line Speak of Epoch's crime Oh I lied, it hasn't happened yet But bet you better believe it's such a habit that I just said that in a past mindset”
“God is busy and has no time for you.”
“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
“Time was a dazzling lie, a magician worth a bird in his hat. The truth, I felt certain, was that everything happened at once. How old was I? I was every age at the same time. All the days of our lives were today.”
“An unhurried sense of time is in itself a form of wealth.”
“Everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.”
“He was thinking of that time, the way one does on long journeys when rootlessness and boredom, lack of sleep or routine can summon from out of nowhere random stretches of the past, make them as real as a haunting. --Solar”
“It is futile to spend time telling stories about the fleetness of each day.”
“It is vain futility to analyze the algebra of time.”
“Kun aika käy pitkäksi se on jo lyhentynyt.”
“Time a maniac scattering dust.”
“Simple Complex systems can arise from simple rules. It's not that we want to survive, it's that we've been drugged and made to act as if we do while all the while the sea breaks and rolls, painlessly, under. If we're not copying it, we're lonely. Is this the knowledge that demands to be passed down? Time is made from swatches of heaven and hell. If we're not killing it, we're hungry.”
“No time to see, in broad daylight, Streams full of stars, like skies at night. No time to turn at Beauty's glance, And watch her feet, how they can dance. No time to wait till her mouth can Enrich that smile her eyes began.”
“Promise is more worthy than Time and Money.”
“:D :D  ”
“Was then not all sorrow in time, all self-torment and fear in time? Were not all difficulties and evil in the world conquered as soon as one conquered time, as soon as one dispelled time?”
“The smoke detectors began to ring; for they were battery-powered and thus still functioned, just as a record can still be played after the death of every member of the orchestra.”
“For our last shall be the recorder of eternity.”
“Los mortales se olvidan de advertir que el tiempo pasa.”
“A los mortales os hace falta compañía porque tenéis tristeza, deseos y un tiempo limitado de vida.”
“Light — i.e. space — is the structure of time, the essence of existence. The stuff of physics does not involve time. Orthodox contemporary physics sadly refers to this fact as “the problem of time.”
“Time is the most valuable coin in your life. You and you alone will determine how that coin will be spent. Be careful that you do not let other people spend it for you.”
“Tell me something. Do you believe in God?' Snow darted an apprehensive glance in my direction. 'What? Who still believes nowadays?' 'It isn't that simple. I don't mean the traditional God of Earth religion. I'm no expert in the history of religions, and perhaps this is nothing new--do you happen to know if there was ever a belief in an imperfect God?' 'What do you mean by imperfect?' Snow frowned. 'In a way all the gods of the old religions were imperfect, considered that their attributes were amplified human ones. The God of the Old Testament, for instance, required humble submission and sacrifices, and and was jealous of other gods. The Greek gods had fits of sulks and family quarrels, and they were just as imperfect as mortals ' 'No,' I interrupted. 'I'm not thinking of a god whose imperfection arises out of the candor of his human creators, but one whose imperfection represents his essential characteristic: a god limited in his omniscience and power, fallible, incapable of foreseeing the consequences of his acts, and creating things that lead to horror. He is a sick god, whose ambitions exceed his powers and who does not realize it at first. A god who has created clocks, but not the time they measure. He has created systems or mechanisms that serves specific ends but have now overstepped and betrayed them. And he has created eternity, which was to have measured his power, and which measures his unending defeat.' Snow hesitated, but his attitude no longer showed any of the wary reserve of recent weeks: 'There was Manicheanism ' 'Nothing at all to do with the principles of Good and Evil,' I broke in immediately. 'This god has no existence outside of matter. He would like to free himself from matter, but he cannot ' Snow pondered for a while: 'I don't know of any religion that answers your description. That kind of religion has never been necessary. If i understand you, and I'm afraid I do, what you have in mind is an evolving god, who develops in the course of time, grows, and keeps increasing in power while remaining aware of his powerlessness. For your god, the divine condition is a situation without a goal. And understanding that, he despairs. But isn't this despairing god of yours mankind, Kelvin? Is it man you are talking about, and that is a fallacy, not just philosophically but also mystically speaking.' I kept on: 'No, it's nothing to do with man. man may correspond to my provisional definition from some point of view, but that is because the definition has a lot of gaps. Man does not create gods, in spite of appearances. The times, the age, impose them on him. Man can serve is age or rebel against it, but the target of his cooperation or rebellion comes to him from outside. If there was only a since human being in existence, he would apparently be able to attempt the experiment of creating his own goals in complete freedom--apparently, because a man not brought up among other human beings cannot become a man. And the being--the being I have in mind--cannot exist in the plural, you see?  Perhaps he has already been born somewhere, in some corner of the galaxy, and soon he will have some childish enthusiasm that will set him putting out one star and lighting another. We will notice him after a while ' 'We already have,' Snow said sarcastically. 'Novas and supernovas. According to you they are candles on his altar.' 'If you're going to take what I say literally '  Snow asked abruptly: 'What gave you this idea of an imperfect god?' 'I don't know. It seems quite feasible to me. That is the only god I could imagine believing in, a god whose passion is not a redemption, who saves nothing, fulfills no purpose--a god who simply is.”
“Sex parties, alcohol and drugs lost their appeal to Sven after a while. Music never did, in his continual search for that sober connection--intimacy with one person over a long period of time, as opposed to periods of intimacy with a bunch of random faces.”
“Man doeth this and doeth that from the good or evil of his heart; but he knows not to what end his sense doth prompt him; for when he strikes he is blind to where the blow shall fall, nor can he count the airy threads that weave the web of circumstance. Good and evil, love and hate, night and day, sweet and bitter, man and woman, heaven above and the earth beneath--all those things are needful, one to the other, and who knows the end of each?”
“Funny that. We live in islands of Hours and we never seem to have time enough for anything ”
“Time after time have nations, ay, and rich and strong nations, learned in the arts, been, and passed away to be forgotten, so that no memory of them remains. This is but one of several; for Time eats up the works of man.”
“For some reason, the sight of snow descending on fire always makes me think of the ancient world – legionaries in sheepskin warming themselves at a brazier: mountain altars where offerings glow between wintry pillars; centaurs with torches cantering beside a frozen sea – scattered, unco-ordinated shapes from a fabulous past, infinitely removed from life; and yet bringing with them memories of things real and imagined. These classical projections, and something in the physical attitudes of the men themselves as they turned from the fire, suddenly suggested Poussin’s scene in which the Seasons, hand in hand and facing outward, tread in rhythm to the notes of the lyre that the winged and naked greybeard plays. The image of Time brought thoughts of mortality: of human beings, facing outwards like the Seasons, moving hand in hand in intricate measure: stepping slowly, methodically, sometimes a trifle awkwardly, in evolutions that take recognisable shape: or breaking into seeminly meaningless gyrations, while partners disappear only to reappear again, once more giving pattern to the spectacle: unable to control the melody, unable, perhaps, to control the steps of the dance.”
“Time, Eddie had decided during this period, was in large part created by external events. When a lot of interesting shit was happening, time seemed to go by fast. If you got stuck with nothing but the usual boring shit, it slowed down. And when everything stopped happening, time apparently quit altogether. Just packed up and went to Coney Island. Weird but true.”
“Time makes us pointless.”
“We are like fruitflies, measuring everything in terms of our own lifespan. But since our lifespans are so short, our perspective is entirely wrong. God, who inhabits eternity, sees things differently. He knows that our lives are just a mist. We should trust Him. It was not that long ago that Jesus came and it will not be that long before He returns.”
“The past is a distraction, a source of envy, enmity, bitterness. Only the present matters, for only in the present can we shape the future. Cut loose the past; it is dead weight. Let the Extirpation continue. Let it never end.”
“Time spent in India has a extraordinary effect on one. It acts as a barrier that makes the rest of the world seem unreal.”
“He was thinking what a long and wide thing time is, to have so many happenings in it.”
“Until we can navigate in time, I'm not sure that we can prove that what happened is real.”
“Contemplation is a luxury, requiring time and alternatives.”
“With time comes perspective.”
“We're not really conscious of what we're doing most of the time.”
“What is time a November leaf a child's vacillating mouth a rose a left-over, half-drunk glass of water.”
“Time hangs off me like molting skin.”
“The inertia of a jungle village is a dangerous thing. Before you know it your whole life has slipped by and you are still waiting there.”
“I could tell you of occasionally, every eon, meeting a person, with whom I might stay for a billion years. But what of it? After a billion years there is nothing left to say, and you wander apart, uncaring in the end.”
“I finished the [blog] post reflecting on the fact that, despite all the changes in my life, maybe I wasn't so different after all. If I typed it, maybe I could believe it, too.”
“Time is precious, so use it wisely in every area of your life including having a relationship with God through"The Door", Jesus Christ! No one knows how much time that they have to live, so don't allow time to run out on you!”
“I don't know what happened to me," he said, shaking his head. "I honestly don't."   "You grew up, Alex.”
“The city which lay below was a charnel house built on multi-layered bones centuries older than those which lay beneath the cities of Hamburg or Dresden. Was this knowledge part of the mystery it held for her, a mystery felt most strongly on a bell-chimed Sunday on her solitary exploration of its hidden alleys and squares? Time had fascinated her from childhood, its apparent power to move at different speeds, the dissolution it wrought on minds and bodies, her sense that each moment, all moments past and those to come, were fused into an illusory present which with every breath became the unalterable, indestructible past. In the City of London these moments were caught and solidified in stone and brick, in churches and monuments and in bridges which spanned the grey-brown ever-flowing Thames. She would walk out in spring or summer as early as six o'clock, double-locking the front door behind her, stepping into a silence more profound and mysterious than the absence of noise. Sometimes in this solitary perambulation it seenmed that her own footsteps were muted, as if some part of her were afraid to waken the dead who had walked thse streets and had known the same silence.”
“A territory is only possessed for a moment in time.”
“Ends Meet 1 Could be time is practice, balance, the action executed in the mind before and after. Where does mind end? 2 We mark a break with what has come before, come through the door, down the hatch. Not a clean break exactly. 3 Our life was rehearsal, Mother almost said so that we believed we would escort her to the future where she could be happy.”
“Sir Henry fixed him with a keen eye. 'Odd name, Tom Skatt - eh?' 'Thats right' 'You don't think we could be related?' Tom looked up at his great-great-great-uncle and smiled. 'I don't think so' 'No,' grinned Sir Henry "no, of course not”
“Time's a goon right? Isn't that the expression?”
“The present is a point just passed.”
“This evening, which I have tried to spirit away, is a strange burden to me. While time moves on, while the day will soon end and I already wish it gone, there are men who have entrusted all their hopes to it, all their love and their last efforts. There are dying men or others who are waiting for a debt to come due, who wish that tomorrow would never come. There are others for whom the day will break like a pang of remorse; and others who are tired, for whom the night will never be long enough to give them the rest that they need. And I - who have lost my day - what right do I have to wish that tomorrow comes?”
“Brass shines with constant usage, a beautiful dress needs wearing, Leave a house empty, it rots.”
“And along with indifference to space, there was an even more complete indifference to time. "There seems to be plenty of it", was all I would answer when the investigator asked me to say what I felt about time. Plenty of it, but exactly how much was entirely irrelevant. I could, of course, have looked at my watch but my watch I knew was in another universe. My actual experience had been, was still, of an indefinite duration. Or alternatively, of a perpetual present made up of one continually changing apocalypse.”
“I saw a news report recently that measured average video game use by American men between the ages of twenty-five and thirty-five: twenty hours per week. Do you mean the flower of America's masculinity can't think of anything more important to do with twenty hours a week than sit in front of a video screen? Folks, this ain't normal. Can't we unplug already?”
“There are only certain intervals of time when life of any sort is possible in an expanding universe and we can practise astronomy only during that habitable time interval in cosmic history.”
“Too often we only identify the crucial points in our lives in retrospect. At the time we are too absorbed in the fetid detail of the moment to spot where it is leading us. But not this time. I was experiencing one of my dad’s deafening moments. If my life could be understood as a meal of many courses (and let’s be honest, much of it actually was), then I had finished the starters and I was limbering up for the main event. So far, of course, I had made a stinking mess of it. I had spilled the wine. I had dropped my cutlery on the floor and sprayed the fine white linen with sauce. I had even spat out some of my food because I didn’t like the taste of it. “But it doesn’t matter because, look, here come the waiters. They are scraping away the debris with their little horn and steel blades, pulled with studied grace from the hidden pockets of their white aprons. They are laying new tablecloths, arranging new cutlery, placing before me great domed wine glasses, newly polished to a sparkle. There are more dishes to come, more flavors to try, and this time I will not spill or spit or drop or splash. I will not push the plate away from me, the food only half eaten. I am ready for everything they are preparing to serve me. Be in no doubt; it will all be fine.” (pp.115-6)”
“  time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.”
“Time for us began to be measured by moments when we spoke, and moments when we longed to speak again.”
“The calendar is a human invention; time does not exist on the spiritual level.”
“These were reflections that required some time to soften; but time will do almost every thing…”
“Though why should we expect age to mellow us? If it isn't life's business to reward merit, why should it be life's business to give us warm, comfortable feelings towards its end? What possible evolutionary purpose could nostalgia serve?”
“We have been cut off, the past has been ended and the family has broken up and the present is adrift in its wheelchair.   That is no gap between the generations, that is a gulf. The elements have changed, there are whole new orders of magnitude and kind. [ ] My grandparents had to live their way out of one world and into another, or into several others, making new out of old the way corals live their reef upward. I am on my grandparents' side. I believe in Time, as they did, and in the life chronological rather than in the life existential. We live in time and through it, we build our huts in its ruins, or used to, and we cannot afford all these abandonings.”
“Is there anything more plausible than a second hand?”
“Mr. Trask, do you think the thoughts of people suddenly become important at a given age? Do you have sharper feelings or clearer thoughts now than when you were ten? Do you see as well, hear as well, taste as vitally?”
“- В Апокалипсиса ангелът се кълне, че вече няма да има време. - Знам. Това там е много вярно; ясно и точно. Когато човекът достигне щастието, няма да има вече време, защото не е нужно. Много вярна мисъл. - Къде ще го дянат? - Никъде няма да го дяват. Времето не е предмет, а идея. Ще угасне в ума.”
“I had a sneaking suspicion that time was not constant, but I guess I could never prove it. I suppose it didn’t really matter. I even had a theory that time didn’t go in straight line at all. I knew I was no Albert Einstein, but I had the sneaking suspicion that everything had happened, was happening, or would happen was really happening all the time. There was no past, present, and future. Everything was going on all at once and forever. If that was true, then each moment was eternity.”
“Soiled, forgotten coats of arms were carved above their massive doorways, and these unsettled Ted: such universal, defining symbols made meaningless by nothing more than time.”
“Before she continued her search she sat in his revolving desk chair, and wept for the passing of time, and the necessary death of the well-loved, wise old man.”
“Is there anything more plausible than a second hand? And yet it takes only the smallest pleasure or pain to teach us time's malleability. Some emotions speed it up, others slow it down; occasionally, it seems to go missing--until the eventual point when it really does go missing, never to return.”
“Get busy with the issue! In this regard, time is not friendly…nor should it be.”
“Any clock that can track this sideral schedule proves itself as perfect as God's magnificent clockwork. Dava Sobel”
“The gnomons's shadow falls where it falls - and so do we. Where we are now is where a lifetime's worth of steps have taken us.”
“Good plan," Freddy was saying. "Let's get some decent sleep. Tomorrow we can shake our gravy asses into town and do some sluething.”
“What's fame, after all? It can be what someone writes on your tombstone.”
“And the time sundials tell May be minutes and hours. But it may just as well Be seconds and sparkles, or seasons and flowers. No, I don't think of time as just minutes and hours. Time can be heartbeats, or bird songs, or miles, Or waves on a beach, or ants in their files (They do move like seconds—just watch their feet go: Tick-tick-tick, like a clock). You'll learn as you grow That whatever there is in a garden, the sun Counts up on its dial. By the time it is done Our sundial—or someone's— will certainly add All the good things there are. Yes, and all of the bad. And if anyone's here for the finish, the sun Will have told him—by sundial—how well we have done. How well we have done, or how badly. Alas, That is a long thought. Let me hope we all pass.”
“Te ir tava uzvara, dzīve, šajās vienkāršajās lietās, mazajās lietās, kuras katrs laks kā izslāpis līdz mūža galam un, to apreibināts, maldīdamies pagalmu bastionos, alks tikai vienu – dienas un nakts mūžīgo maiņu.”
“The clock sweats out each minute of what meat is left to us.”
“Dry snow coming down in the hills. Magpies hair-triggered and thuggish in worn trees. A wall has started to fall in you, it will take years to land.”
“It was nice to borrow a slice of extra time.”
“In the first of our conversations, you explained how different time was for you—how it’s an abstraction. Some hours glide past like birds, others are slow, plodding behemoths, stubborn and unwilling to leave.”
“I could give all to Time except -- except What I myself have held. But why declare The things forbidden that while the Customs slept I have crossed to Safety with? For I am There, And what I would not part with I have kept.”
“The diaries of opium-eaters record how, during the brief period of ecstasy, the drugged person's dreams have a temporal scope of ten, thirty, sometimes sixty years or even surpass all limits of man's ability to experience time--dreams, that is, whose imaginary time span vastly exceeds their actual duration and which are characterized by an incredible diminishment of the experience of time, with images thronging past so swiftly that, as one hashish-smoke puts it, the intoxicated user's brain seems "to have something removed, like the mainspring from a broken watch.”
“Ce matin, l'idée m'est venue pour la première fois que mon corps, ce fidèle compagnon, cet ami plus sûr, mieux connu de moi que mon âme, n'est qu'un monstre sournois qui finira par dévorer son maître.”
“If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all.”
“For Heidegger, boredom is a privileged fundamental mood because it leads us directly into the very problem complex of being and time.”
“The guide invited the crowd to imagine that they were looking across a desert at a mountain range on a day that was twinkling bright and clear. They could look at a peak or a bird or cloud, at a stone right in front of them, or even down into a canyon behind them. But among them was this poor Earthling, and his head was encased in a steel sphere which he could never take off. There was only one eyehole through which he could look, and welded to that eyehole were six feet of pipe. "This was only the beginning of Billy's miseries in the metaphor. He was also strapped to a steel lattice which was bolted to a flatcar on rails, and there was no way he could turn his head or touch the pipe. The far end of the pipe rested on a bi-pod which was also bolted to the flatcar. All Billy could see was the little dot at the end of the pipe. He didn't know he was on a flatcar, didn't even know there was anything peculiar about his situation. "The flatcar sometimes crept, sometimes went extremely fast, often stopped--went uphill, downhill, around curves, along straightaways. Whatever poor Billy saw through the pipe, he had no choice but to say to himself, 'That's life.”
“Our mind has its own ideal time, which is no other but the consciousness of the progressive development of our beings.”
“Those times are over and gone, and good-riddance to them, too. We were hopelessly high-spirited. Now we're the thick-waisted generation, dragging along our children behind us and carrying our parents on our backs. And we're in charge, while the figures who used to command our respect are wasting away.”
“Time is the Mind of Space.”
“Names turned over by time, like the plough turning the soil. Bringing up the new while the old were buried in the mud.”
“You have carried a branch of tomorrow into the room-its frangrance awakened me.”
“There are few things more mysterious than endings. I mean, for example, when did the Greek gods end, exactly? Was there a day when Zeus waved magisterially down from Olympus and Aphrodite and her lover Ares, and her crippled husband Hephaestus ) I always felt sorry for him), and all the rest got rolled up like a worn-out carpet?”
“I must reluctantly observe that two causes, the abbreviation of time, and the failure of hope, will always tinge with a browner shade the evening of life.”
“No really. If you only have seven years left, that means the Reaper will be dropping round for tea and buns in about 61,000 hours from now. You therefore shouldn’t be wasting time by pootling to the garden centre at walking pace. So come on, grandad. The clock’s ticking. Pedal to the metal. Or you’ll be in your flowerbed before the plants you bought.”
“So long as we think of it objectively, time is Fate or Chance, the factor in our lives for which we are not responsible, and about which we can do nothing; but when we begin to think of it subjectively, we feel responsible for our time, and the notion of punctuality arises.”
“And the reason Luke is thinking about time and free will is because he believes that money is the closest human beings have ever come to crystallizing time and free will into a compact physical form. Cash. Cash is a time crystal. Cash allows you to multiply your will, and it allows you to speed up time. Cash is what defines us as a species. Nothing else in the universe has money.”
“Bruno withdrew from the field of history more resolutely than Vigo; that is why I prefer the former’s retrospect but the latter’s prospect. As an anarch, I am determined to go along with nothing, ultimately take nothing seriously – at least not nihilistically, but rather as a border guard in no man’s land, who sharpens his eyes and ears between the tides.”
“He had never been a social man. He had shunned causes with contempt and disgust. They were for pig-simple suckers and people with too much time and money on their hands”
“I think I have many spenglerian moods about the country, and that some day people will look back and think 'this was a really goofy, unadmirable stupid time.”
“The schoolroom clock was worn raw by stares; and you couldn't look up at the big Puritanical face of it and not feel the countless years of young eyes reflected in it, urging it onwards. It was a dark, old spirit that didn't so much mark time as bequeath it.”
“The Second Koran tells us that the darkness in ourselves is a sinister thing. It waits until we relax, it waits until we reach the most vulnerable moments, and then it snares us. I want to be dutiful. I want to do what I should. But when I go back to the tube, I think of where I am going; to that small house and my empty room. What will I do tonight? Make more paper flowers, more wreaths? I am sick of them. Sick of the Nekropolis. I can take the tube to my mistress' house, or I can go by the street where Mardin's house is. I'm tired. I'm ready to go to my little room and relax. Oh, Holy One, I dread the empty evening. Maybe I should go by the street just to fill up time. I have all this empty time in front of me. Tonight and tomorrow and the week after and the next month and all down through the years as I never marry and become a dried-up woman. Evenings spent folding paper. Days cleaning someone else's house. Free afternoons spent shopping a bit, stopping in tea shops because my feet hurt. That is what lives are , aren't they? Attempts to fill our time with activity designed to prevent us from realizing that there is no meaning?”
“Changes is the mother of time. Absence of changes makes no time.”
“We pass through Time from birth in order to have from where to come, together with death.”
“It is truth, in the old saying, that is 'the daughter of time,' and the lapse of half a century has not left us many of our illusions. Churchill tried and failed to preserve one empire. He failed to preserve his own empire, but succeeded in aggrandizing two much larger ones. He seems to have used crisis after crisis as an excuse to extend his own power. His petulant refusal to relinquish the leadership was the despair of postwar British Conservatives; in my opinion this refusal had to do with his yearning to accomplish something that 'history' had so far denied him—the winning of a democratic election.”
“Pensa-se de dia – a – dia. Se começamos a pensar no futuro, no nosso futuro pessoal, perdemos a coragem. E, de repente, lembramo-nos de todas as coisas que fizemos e que foram um desperdício de tempo… os minutos que desperdiçámos e que nunca podemos reaver. E apercebemo-nos de que o tempo é a coisa mais preciosa de todas. Porque o tempo é a vida. É a única coisa que nunca podemos recuperar. É possível perder uma rapariga e quem sabe voltar a conquistá-la… ou encontrar outra. Mas um segundo, este segundo, quando se vai, é irreversível.”
“I know none of Time’s cardinal pillar on which it says forever just because eternity is not Time anymore.”
“It was difficult to imagine that a full day hadn't yet passed since we boarded the airliner in New York. I paused. Medieval man believed that one was placed beyond the touch of time, and therefore aging, while attending Mass. What, I wondered, would he have made of those hours we left up in the sky? I would not change my watch until I gave the matter more thought.”
“It had to do with the way women throughout time has known the feel of love when it came to them.”
“Time is simply the measurement of human progression against that of existence.”
“Tempo ou oportunidade não determinam a intimidade, apenas a disposição.”
“Genealogy becomes a mania, an obsessive struggle to penetrate the past and snatch meaning from an infinity of names. At some point the search becomes futile – there is nothing left to find, no meaning to be dredged out of old receipts, newspaper articles, letters, accounts of events that seemed so important fifty or seventy years ago. All that remains is the insane urge to keep looking, insane because the searcher has no idea what he seeks. What will it be? A photograph? A will? A fragment of a letter? The only way to find out is to look at everything, because it is often when the searcher has gone far beyond the border of futility that he finds the object he never knew he was looking for.”
“You know the horrible life of the alarm clock – it’s a monster that has always appalled me because of the number of things its eyes project, and the way that good fellow stares at me when I enter a room.”
“We repeatedly tell patients we are not in a hurry; there are no trains to catch and we don't care when the baby comes, only how! A doctor who is in a hurry does not belong in the field of obstetrics. As my chief pointed out, 'An obstetrician should have a big rear end and the good sense to sit calmly thereupon and let nature take its course.”
“Confronted with the choice between having time and having things, we’ve chosen to have things. Today it is a luxury to read what Socrates said, not because the books are expensive, but because our time is scarce.”
“[D]as Gedächtnis [ist] schwach und der Lauf eines Lebens kurz und alles [geschieht] so rasch, dass wir den Zusammenhang zwischen den Ereignissen nicht mehr sehen, die Folgen der Taten nicht mehr ermessen können, wir glauben an die Fiktion der Zeit, an Gegenwart, Vergangenheit und Zukunft, aber es kann auch sein, dass alles gleichzeitig geschieht [ ]”
“When I sit up I am greeted by the world. Level with the treetops I look down on sparrows swooping in and out of the branches. The tide, the new rising moon, the clouds, the wind - these greet me. These are my allies. The whole planet is laid out before me and available for whatever adventure the day will take me on. By comparison, living in society seems to require an alarm clock. Primarily assembled from angst and fish anuses, these contraptions, regardless of your soul's whereabouts, will slap and assault you into a pitiful state of what passes for consciousness. Your first sight is the Time, an arragement of molecules on the clock's face to whom you will be enslaved for the rest of the day. You may as well call him "master." Next, a pile of dirty clothes on the floor, a knocked-over glass of water, and so forth, until you are so overwhelmed with despair that to prevent hurling yourself through the window, you must ignore your personal bill of rights, put on an acceptable frown, and go about your business, disregarding the pleas from you increasingly timid soul.”
“Contemporary' was in those days [1953] synonymous with 'modern' as it had not been before and is not now [1977].”
“What a greater crime. Than loss of time.”
“Time and space are awash here.”
“On the church vaulting above was the clock-face of eternity, void of number and serving as its own hand, only one black finger was pointing and the dead wanted to tell the time by it.”
“The dusty tombs of long-dead exorcist priests lay in the alcoves below, surmounted by stone effigies, the features eroded by the passing of time and the reverent caresses of their grateful parishioners, a reminder, she knew all too well, of the brevity of life.”
“He noticed Miss Bettie was wearing a watch, a steel Rolex with diamond chips. "What time is it?" he asked. Miss Bettie glanced at him and laughed. "You do seem to have difficulty remembering, don't you? Well, then, I shall tell you. It's now , Joshua Cane. Always and only now.”
“There is no necessity to live by the clock.”
“Still men be clever and in an hundred centuries or more, perchance will have found a way to journey thither; when that they have discovered and understood all things on the earth. What will a man be like in the xxvii century, or even the xx? Very like unto us, I do expect; I do not think that man’s nature shall change; nor do I anticipate that he will be the wiser than we, for all his learning, for ‘tis a part of that nature which is ours that we do not heed the lessons of history: neither our own, nor the world’s.”
“I, having my previous impressions of awe deepened by these solemn trophies of chance and change amongst mighty nations, had suddenly been surprised by a dream, as profound as at present, in which a thought that often had persecuted me figured triumphantly. This thought turned upon the fatality that must often attend an evil choice. As an oracle of fear I remembered that great Roman warning, Nessit vox missa reverti (that a word once uttered is irrevocable), a freezing arrest upon the motions of hope too sanguine that haunted me in many shapes. Long before that fifteenth year of mine, I had noticed, as a worm lying at the heart of life and fleeting its security, the fact that innumerable acts of choice change countenance and are variously appraised at varying stage of life - shift with the shifting hours. Already at fifteen, I had become deeply ashamed of judgements which I had once pronounced, of idle hopes that I had once encouraged, false admirations or contempts with which once I had sympathized. And, as to the acts which I surveyed with any doubts at all, i never felt sure that after some succession of years I might not feel withering doubts about them, both as to principle and as to inevitable results.”
“Things I've realised. That in the time I have listened to someone tell me I am Too Old to do or start something. I got older! Life only goes in one direction. Now is the best time to start.”
“The Moon does not compete with the Sun; The Moon has its own time to shine. The Sun may be bright, but the Moon is not dim. The Sun may rule the day, but the Moon rules the night. Be like the Moon and know your worth in embracing your own light.”
“I am grateful for the doom. I'd rather share my time with the dread than have no time at all.”
“Those minutes are my life, I nearly scream. Those minutes that you take so much for granted because you get a thousand of them each day are priceless to me. Your life is measured by title, wealth, and status. My life is measured in grains of sand, trickling from one teardrop to the other.”
“UNTIL DEATH DO US PART" How & when did this enter our marriage tradition? Can it still be practical? Are there differences between the society which birthed the ‘Until death do us part’ worldview and that of contemporary society today? Contrasting the past with the present is important because man as an evolving being cannot survive with a static culture. The time this tradition was formed and now is not the same The society this tradition was meant for and this society is not the same. the knowledge base of the time this tradition was made is very limited. The life expectancy of both men and women at the time of this tradition is very different from what we have now. When we evolve, we should have the courage to transform primitive culture into our time. if we don't do this intentionally, the problems that this culture will create will force us to. it is either we evolve in peace or we evolve in pieces. our choice.”
“Our future is written in the past, and it's the adventure of a lifetime.”
“At that moment the rooster was a tiny, light brown, fluffy ball. No clues to future developments could yet be discerned. All existence went along happily under the will of heaven. With the accelerating motion of nonexistence, unstable embarrassing details gradually displaced themselves.”
“The more often I’m simply around, the more likely there will be opportunities for a good conversation. The more regularly I’m present, the freer my children feel to talk to me about what’s really going on. You and I need to work toward "quantity" of time with our kids. Only out of "quantity" will we find the "quality" we long for.”
“You never know why not, before it happens. That’s what Bertie realized. Time passes. Slow, then fast. Bit by bit, and then it’s gone.”
“One day this apartheid will be a thing of the past. Our people will be free.’ ‘Maybe. But the past claws its way out. You can’t bury it just like that. It’s not like human flesh. And yet we need to move forwards.”
“Understanding your presence, what time we are in and what is about to come .Will make you understand why things are happening the way they are happening. Every decision now is shaped on what is about to come.”
“Time had a strange ability to steal from you one moment and bless you the next.”
“What I’m saying is . . . remembering feels like time travel, right? Dreaming works the same way. Well, what if that’s all we have in the first place? Thoughts arranged in time. And we’re free—if we can only learn how—to change those thoughts around all we like. So no predestination. One world. One ever-changing universe. And we can change it!”
“Those who you have to constantly prove your worth are certainly not worth your time.”
“Time remains the enemy; history must be spatialized. How? By seeing it as a circle, a wheel perpetually turning, the same events recurring again and again.”
“Time is the worst kind of thief, sneaky and effective and gone before you realize what's been taken.”
“It's a terrible thing to learn as a child that one is a being separate from all the world, that no one and no thing hurts along with one's burned tongues and skinned knees, that one's aches and pains are all one's own. Even more terrible, as we grow older, to learn that no person, no matter how beloved, can ever truly understand us.”
“Time is a boundary for all mortals. Learning to make solid choices within the givens helps us come closer to living the lives we want. It's a forever calibration and requires ongoing fine-tuning.”
“Some moments, hours, days, last longer for some people than others, depending. Daily life, whatever it may be really, is practically composed of two lives, said Forster: the life in time, ticking, marching by, regular, implacable, and the life by values, slowing or accelerating, shrinking or expanding, condensing or prolonging. The same sixty-second spans experienced as short minutes, as elongated minutes (as thin minutes or thicker minutes). As separated minutes: distinctive pockets, or stand-out portions of detached, delimited time.”
“A novel is interested in how one thing follows another; it is equally (arguably more) interested in what it feels like to live in time; in life lived by intensity. As a treatment of time, a novel activates not only curiosity in the reader (And then?) but memory: a form of attention that is accumulative as well as anticipatory, backward-reaching as well as forward-facing and itself capable of acting on time. That is, of repeating or extending the strategies of the narration. By skipping a bit of it. Or staying with it. Thickening it by reading a passage again.”
“The novel, by working with the interplay of durations, and inviting the reader to interact with them, has the capacity to pay a double, triple, multiple allegiance to the weird workings of time, to our common sense idea of its ongoing sequence as well as to what living-in-time can actually feel like, filling it and distorting it.”
“There's plenty of time," says Janet comfortably. And that, Ruth muses, as she gets into her car, is certainly true. One thing you learn as an archaeologist: there's always plenty of time.”
“I know time. I know time differently now. I know it because I am unlearning it. I know it because the baby is teaching me that the rhythms of the clock and the calendar, and even the most elemental diurnal patterns – they don’t go without saying: they are acquired, if not violently imposed. It is a lived and not an abstract form of knowledge that comes from living alongside a beginner – the way the days can all of a sudden feel like they're undivided, divided by nothing, only water.”
“After the war ends, Ukraine will be a predominantly female country for a long time.”
“Future generations will remember me not for sitting on that chair, but for getting up when the time came.”
“Value your time. Don’t time your values.”
“If time were like a passage of music, you could keep going back to it till you got it right.”
“I'm running late, but there's always time to scribble weird messages in guest signage books. Also, am I really late? The Catholic Church added a thousand years to history, so I figure I'm actually way ahead of schedule.”
“All I am fighting for everyday is to make up for the time I had lost. Use your time wisely.”
“A dream is never realised in a day but through persistent actions over a long period of time.”
“The Ticking Spiral by Stewart Stafford Man - the only creature that knows it dies, Creates structures to measure its demise. To poke and prod with hows and whys; Hours, seconds, melted candles of surprise. From booming birth; to bankrupt death, From nascent looks; to the last breath, The torch is passed to generations yet. To carry forth in a cycle reset. The ticking clock of heartbeats ends, As we say goodbye to family and friends, To return to wherever we first transcend, Time's ever-flowing river never bends. © Stewart Stafford, 2023. All rights reserved.”
“The myth is that there isn't enough time. There is plenty of time. There isn't enough focus with the time you have. You win by directing your attention toward better things.”
“Dogs, we use the sky to tell time, like any sensible creature. Sky says it's dawn? Time to eat. It's noon? Time to eat. It's afternoon? Time to eat. It's dusk? Time to eat. It's midnight? Time to eat. Point is, it's always time to eat.”
“Time always wastes you, whether you waste it or not!”
“É sempre assim com a morte. Quanto mais antiga ela é, menos poder tem sobre os vivos. O tempo aniquila a vida. O tempo aniquila a morte.”
“If you know how the LORD God has lead you, you are confident of all His precious promises which He fulfills in His perfect time.”
“Hegel also pointed out that part of the content of the division of time into past, present, or future seemed able to transcend these temporal units because the parts in question were simply true. Time does not seem to matter to things like triangles or tripods because their qualities are either timeless or eternal. A future triangle would be like any triangle past or present. Truth, in other words, seems either to eradicate time or, at least, to take the temporality out of time. In the terms that Hegel began to establish, Kant’s disquieting claim about the injustice built into time, history, and progress began to look more surmountable. On one side, there was a world made up of moments, some present, some past, some future. The future would turn into the present and negate itself. The present would turn into the past but could still be available in the present. The passage of time and the endless stream of negations of negations built into the human ability to make choices and decisions would give rise to many diferent values, arrangements, and worldviews. Some, however, might turn out to be true. This was the hallmark of the other side of human history. If something was true, it would fall out of time and become, simply, timeless. On Kant’s terms, time and history were the problem. On Hegel’s terms, they were the solution.”
“It's only a matter of time, and mine is short.”
“Reject when they offer what you don't want  and use that time as an opportunity to ask for what you really want instead.”
“Even Oppenheimer, father of the atomic bomb, was a believer of Bhagwat Gita and quoted the Shloka 32 (Chapter 11) that actual meant, "Time I am; destroyer of the worlds." whereas he mis-translated TIME as DEATH.”
“59. What is memory? Memory is the fabric of time. 60. What is time? Time is the meaning behind moments. (from 100 Questions of Life)”
“Time is the meaning behind moments.”
“Memory is the fabric of time.”
“The future will one day be a distant memory”
“Not every field is worth digging. Preserve your energy and time for worthwhile missions.”
“Intentions are often hidden inside patterns of behavior. Time is a good indicator of patterns.”
“When was the moment, I don’t know when, with all my remembrances I can’t find it; maybe it was during our dance, or maybe it was some morning as a breeze of air shook the sun’s light; maybe it was one of those nights of hugging when we reached our ripeness and the earth turned past it; maybe we were asleep. Really how life gets on is a secret, you only know your memory, and it makes its own time. The real time leads you along and you never know when it happens, the best that can be is come and gone.”
“Time makes us forget.”
“Unlike computers, we're not bound to count rach second correctly. We're at liberty to accord each moment it's proper weight, depending on its meaning to us. Permit me, then, to lengthen the moment when I fell in love woth Dolores.”
“Unlike computers, we're not bound to count each second correctly. We're at liberty to accord each moment it's proper weight, depending on its meaning to us. Permit me, then, to lengthen the moment when I fell in love woth Dolores.”
“Anyone who has lived Is an historian & an artifact, For they hold all their time within them.”
“I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo. "So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”
“O tempo é o maior tesouro de que um homem pode dispor; embora inconsumível, o tempo é o nosso melhor alimento; sem medida que o conheça, o tempo é contudo nosso bem de maior grandeza: não tem começo, não tem fim; é um pomo exótico que não pode ser repartido, podendo entretanto prover igualmente a todo mundo; onipresente, o tempo está em tudo; existe tempo, por exemplo, nesta mesa antiga: existiu primeiro uma terra propícia, existiu depois uma árvore secular feita de anos sossegados, e existiu finalmente uma prancha nodosa e dura trabalhada pelas mãos de um artesão dia após dia; existe tempo nas cadeiras onde nos sentamos, nos outros móveis da família, nas paredes da nossa casa, na água que bebemos, na terra que fecunda, na semente que germina, nos frutos que colhemos, no pão em cima da mesa, na massa fértil dos nossos corpos, na luz que nos ilumina, nas coisas que nos passam pela cabeça, no pó que dissemina, assim como em tudo que nos rodeia; rico não é o homem que coleciona e se pesa no amontoado de moedas, e nem aquele, devasso, que se estende, mãos e braços, em terras largas; rico só é o homem que aprendeu, piedoso e humilde, a conviver com o tempo, aproximando-se dele com ternura, não contrariando suas disposições, não se rebelando contra o seu curso, não irritando sua corrente, estando atento para o seu fluxo, brindando-o antes com sabedoria para receber dele os favores e não a sua ira; o equilíbrio da vida depende essencialmente deste bem supremo, e quem souber com acerto a quantidade de vagar ou a de espera, que se deve pôr nas coisas, não corre nunca o risco, ao buscar por elas, de defrontar-se com o que não é.”
“Most of the Times, Life shows us how difficult this journey is, only at Times when the sun clears we see the Sunshine, but the rain often washes away the clouds and both the clouds and the rain dampen our weary hearts, only to let us see a glimpse of a distant rainbow, once in a while. I guess it's always about the Time, the guardian of this Journey that we have to wait and persevere, that we have to remain resilient in the resolve to walk ahead, to find some way to hold on to the voyage, to not let the ship sink in the hollows of a mirage, to just live. And that is what Life is about, perhaps to know that Gloom and Melancholy is a distinct part of our journey, and actually something that occupies the most part of our journey, and it doesn't have to be a deep Grief it can simply be the mundane sorrow of carrying on this existence knowing that Life is just a short frame holding dark colours as much as the bright ones, sometimes even more of those blackness only to bring out the whites a little bit more. And while all of this goes on, somewhere our heart would know that there is One who is beyond this frame of Life and the space of Time and Cosmos; who is always holding your hand giving you the breath to walk ahead. May be He doesn't take away the blackness but throughout stays firm in your path, holding your shadow and your soul ever so gently to make you become the Light that you could only possibly be by embracing all of your Soul's journey. He doesn't perhaps change the potholes in your way, but He does ensure that even when you tumble you don't end up falling and if you do fall, He makes sure that you rise all over again from the flames of Life's fire with the fury of a phoenix. He doesn't end your suffering but lets you see that throughout your pain He is partaking in an even greater portion of it, alongside you. Simple, He doesn't let you see that He is God, because He shares your Life as a companion, walking beside you hand in hand, to make you live all that your soul had contracted before this journey began and even when He is beyond Time, He lets Time be your friend in a journey that is bound in human flesh and guarded by the tick-tock of that guardian. So when I asked my Soul, what is that troubles me the most, I heard my Soul, Smile in a safe knowledge, when I have Him, need I let my troubles concern me? My heart knew, He has already tucked my mind in the tranquil world of Life's paint-brush and a rainbow is just around the corner. A distant yet distinct rainbow. A rainbow that is churned in Love, the love that only He can provide, the Love that is always lurking on the edges of those clouds and rain, in the silhouette of a rainbow forever promised on the other side of a thunderstorm. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“Life is long, but time is short. Time is fleeting.”
“The concept of the trichiliocosm is closely linked with Buddhist theories about time and human destiny. Buddhist thought is generally clouded with pessimism, and this is nowhere more obvious than in its concept of time. The notion of an eternal round of birth and death is an intolerable thought.”
“In the Abhidharmakośa , time units finish with "year" ( saṃvatsara ). There is, however, another enormous unit of time that we could add, the kalpa , which is so long that it cannot be calculated in years. (The Chinese transliterated kalpa as kiap and translated it as "great time." In the Japanese game of Go there is a rule known as kō [Japanese for kiap ] to prevent stalemates through constant repetition. Without it, the game could continue indefinitely.)”
“Today is the one that introduces Yesterday to Tomorrow. If it weren't for Today, Nostalgia would never meet Hope.”
“Time is a slimy wimy thing, Life is a blessy messy thing. Love is a happy crappy thing, Mind is a mighty fighty thing.”
“Before the blue of night meets the pink of sunrise, there is a transition of lavender. It's a gradient of color that stretches its fade through time, and that gives each moment a unique and exquisite existence.”
“To blame me in the past is a very future me thing to do. But what am I supposed to do, scapegoat someone else for my mistakes? Somebody needs to be held accountable, and it certainly won’t be the version of me in that moment.”
“Time is fluid, like the wide sky that fades into bright orange in a sunset in The Ozarks. Every moment is meant to be sipped and savored like a slow mimosa.”
“Water doesn’t shape like clay when you move it with your hands. I've spent a lot of time swimming, and none of my motion art stayed in place. All my aqua sculpting rippled into the future, never to be seen again.”
“We live as emotional transients in a world of isolation. Oh, if I could only borrow back so many wasted moments, but only the arrogant have no regrets; so much is paid for with borrowed time. The infant road, the child’s path, in the rising tide of the day, is the aged road the dying path, in the dusk where mortals play.”
“Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.”
“You may treat the past and future as realities, but they are only realities in your memory and imagination. Only the present exists.”
“With each passing moment, an infinity of potentialities become just one reality, your life narrowing with each tick of the clock.”
“Time: life’s inexorable weapon of humiliation.”
“time's stride, so uneven, some days endless, and others, like the blink of an eye.”
“[For every thing you do, you can sleepwalk without awareness about your actions, or become more consciously deilberate about your actions. Contemplate whether this is a good use of your time by answering some honest questions.] Some questions you could ask yourself are: - What is the reason or goal for this activity? - What benefit am I getting from this? - Where is this activity taking me? ”
“Life is hard because it cannot last, because it must not last. Its very definition is that which lies tenuously between nonexistence and nonexistence.”
“We are terrified by this life because it is the only one we know we have, and it is dying from the moment it is birthed.”
“Money is flowing past you all the time like an invisible breeze. The trick is to get some to slide into your pockets and stay.”
“You blink, you lose that time for ever. You can’t even be sure how long that blink lasted. A moment, a thousand years. You can’t even know for sure that what you see now is the same as what you saw before. You can’t. You think it is. You tell yourself that, convince yourself of that. Just a continuation of everything you knew before. What you see is still there. That’s what you tell yourself. That’s the game of reassurance your mind plays. To keep things sane. But think on that one blink—you’ve all known it—when all that you thought was real suddenly changes. From one side of the blink to the other side. It comes with bad news. It comes with soul-plummeting horror and grief. How long was that blink? Gods below, it was fucking eternity.”
“People must understand that we only have one life, one time, one climate and one environment, since we can not buy a new one in the market, the only option we have is to protect this moment in favour of making it last forever.”
“That is the madness of it. Every day is amber, and she is the fly trapped inside. No way to think in days or weeks when she lives in moments. Time begins to lose its meaning - and yet, she has not lost track of time. She cannot seem to misplace it (no matter how she tries) and so Addie knows what month it is, what day, what night, and so she knows it has been a year. A year since she ran from her own wedding. A year since she fled from the woods. A year since she sold her soul for this. For freedom. For time. A year, and she has spent it leaning the boundaries of this new life.”
“Adeline had wanted to be a tree. To grow wild and deep, belong to no one but the ground beneath her feet, and the sky above, just like Estele. It would be an unconventional life, and perhaps a little lonely, but at least it would be hers. She would belong to no one but herself. But here is the danger of a place like Villon. Blink - and a year is gone. Blink - and five more follow. It is like a gap between stones, this village, just wide enough for things to get lost. The kind of place where time slips and blurs, where a month, a year, a life can go missing. Where everyone is born and buried in the same ten-meter plot.”
“I feel nothing, Nesta said silently. Only the sight of Feyre on Death's threshold kept her from forgetting why she was here, what she needed to do. Is that not what you wanted? To feel nothing? I thought that was what I wanted. Nesta surveyed the people around her. Her sisters, Cassian, who had been willing to plunge a dagger into his heart rather than harm her. But no longer. When the female voice didn't press her, Nesta went on, I want to feel everything. I want to embrace it with my whole heart. Even the things that hurt and hunt you? Only curiosity laced the question. Nesta allowed herself a breath to ponder it, stilling her mind once more. We need those things in order to appreciate the good. Some days might be more difficult than others, but  I want to experience all of it, live through all of it. With them. The wise, soft voice whispered, So live, Nesta Archeron.”
“But she feared time itself  the dwindling of life; how year by year her share was sliced; how, little the margin that remained was capable any longer of stretching, of absorbing, as in the youthful years, the colours, salts, tones of existence, so that she filled the room she entered, and felt often as she stood hesitating one moment on the threshold of her drawing-room, an exquisite suspense, such as might stay a diver before plunging while the sea darkens and brightens beneath him, and the waves which threaten to break, but only gently split their surface, roll and conceal and encrust as they just turn over the weeds with pearl.”
“Lost trust or time can never be regained in life, but caring trust or time will never let you regret in life.”
“Summer school holidays Busy time for parents!”
“At last, everything comes to its own end…All things must die. The heavens will be rolled up like a scroll, and time itself will be closed like a tomb.”
“Each moment, as I lived it, had already been used up. I could not connect things together. They happened to me, they had already happened to me. The helix that spans from birth to death, the unbroken thread of habit and progress that makes a person a person, a self whole and entire, had become as discontinuous and insubstantial as a chain of smoke rings.”
“Each year brings us nearer to the Wiedersehen [reunion with the dead], though it is sad to think how one's glass is running out and how little good goes with it, compared to the numberless blessings we receive. Time goes incredibly fast. [Princess Alice, letter to her mother Queen Victoria, 30 December 1865]”
“God is not limited by time. He works in his own timing.”
“A conversation between those driven by values and those who don't appreciate the word should not happen; except you don't mind walking away from that conversation feeling sorry for the fellow and angry for wasting your own time.”
“When you understand the cause of your pain then time starts healing your pain, otherwise time helps you to understand the cause of your pain by hurting you more and more.”
“You know boss, dates only matter when there's somewhere you need to be.”
“Question: how can one manage not to lose time? Answer: experience it at its full length. Means: spend days in the dentist‘s waiting-room on an uncomfortable chair; live on one‘s balcony on a Sunday afternoon; listen to lectures in a language that one does not understand; choose the most roundabout and least convenient routes on the railway (and, naturally, travel standing up); queue at the box-office for theatres and so on and not take one‘s seat; etc.”
“It is just a question of time, if it can stand the test of time then it's a real thing.”
“Impostors and fake people have the same fate, time is not their best friend, it exposes them to reveal who they truly are. It is just a matter of time the mask falls off.”
“Time rested is time well invested and not time wasted”
“Time of rest and reflection is never time wasted but wisely invested”
“I had come to experience time differently. The world I was typing was always in the past while the word I was thinking of was always in the future, which left the present oddly uninhabited.”
“Time is togetherness.”
“Time seemed to stall for Bernice; for a moment, the memory held her captive. How could certain experiences live inside a person like dormant seeds for so long, and then suddenly be resuscitated by something as simple as an unexpected dream or the sparkle of creek water?”
“Days What are days for? Days are where we live. They come, they wake us Time and time over. They are to be happy in: Where can we live but days? Ah, solving that question Brings the priest and the doctor In their long coats Running over the fields.”
“The Trees The trees are coming into leaf Like something almost being said; The recent buds relax and spread, Their greenness is a kind of grief. Is it that they are born again And we grow old? No, they die too. Their yearly trick of looking new Is written down in rings of grain. Yet still the unresting castles thresh In fullgrown thickness every May. Last year is dead, they seem to say, Begin afresh, afresh, afresh.”
“Money can never make value.. Time make it..”
“If you can't give money. then can give time..”
“It’s Hawaii time!!!”
“Time spent under a burden is often time well spent.”
“Time listens patiently to the drones and demands of destiny’s desire”
“Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.”
“A lot of people are busy…doing figure eights.”
“And I assure you, I am perfectly sane now. Stable as a workhorse in old Ireland, my friends, with only one goal in life. To do good. Always good.  ”
“Was the man a ghost, a figment of my imagination, or something else? I didn’t know, but it was a memory I’d carry with me my entire life, and eventually, I figured out that the man I saw on top of Scafell Pike that day was….”
“He walked that night across the beach and back again, Titan running free and barking and playing with the cold waves. He walked with his brother. He walked with his aunt. He walked with his uncle. He walked with that girl he liked, the one he never knew, and her cat. He walked with his father and his mother. He walked with his sister and her husband, and their children. It was all in his head, that endless walk of naked feet against the sand. He walked alone until the water hit against the wall and the drizzle was the sea and the wind and his dream of staying home.”
“God’s a comfortable certainty. But us humans? I think we’re a step beyond it, an uncertainty, deep and rare and inspiring in all the best and worst ways.”
“He faced the terror of that second ocean, the largest a man can face. He looked up at the tiny shores of other worlds and its great expanse. He was afraid of it, of the deepness despite the starry fields.”
“Lena had learned that the passage of time did something strange to memories. Ever so slowly it chipped away at the most painful parts, smudging the hurt and softening the aches, to the point that she could now almost reminisce about her childhood in a fond manner, not always stuck on the parts that hurt.”
“There are moments, little perfect eggs of time, that you’ll always remember, because everything, absolutely everything is exactly the way you’d have everything be if you had control over how everything was.”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“Man changes a little by his efforts but his tears and time change him the most.”
“It is not until an age has receded into history, and all its mediocrity has dropped away from it, that we can see it as it is — as a group of men of genius. We forget the immense amount of twaddle that the great epochs produced.”
“There's a certain point in life at which you realise it's no longer interesting that time goes forward -- or rather, that its forward-going-ness has been the central plank of life's illusion, and that while you were waiting to see what was going to happen next, you were steadily being robbed of all you had. Language is the only thing capable of stopping the flow of time, because it exist in time, is made of time, yet it is eternal -- or can be.”
“It was a day when, if a man travels, he cannot go slowly enough. At anything faster than a foot pace a man seems to lose life as he goes, on a day like this. So quick and prodigal is nature now. It would make of man a pilgrim. Not only daffodils and the wild arums sought notice, but the blue bird's eye tiny in the grass, the pink and intricate ground-ivy flower. In a cleared coppice perfect bright ovals of severance shone on the hazel butts, and told of expert work with a sharp tool.”
“There was wonder in that insubstantial pointer; it gave me news that no clockwork could do. Time was not a fixed series of moments, it said, but something moving like a flower that grows, growing perhaps even like a flower; or traveling the minutes like the spokes of a shadowy wheel turning once a day, and perhaps going somewhere or somewhen, carrying me along with it”
“The worst thing that humans do to themselves is stick with a past moment and wait for the same moment to repeat to fix it in a better way.”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and looking around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and watch around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“The events of time is ordered by the Mighty One.”
“Time's Magpies by Stewart Stafford Time’s magpies swoop to taunt and rob, And pluck out hair and gums carefree. Opportunity and energy drained by mob, As we duel pitiless reality. The cat’s jowls swelled in uproar, His gut sags and snarls with pain. Feathery barbs of a matador, Feline fleeing to copse again. A younger cat enters the fight, Ousting the aged tom. Crown prince routs thieving flight, A proud lion of dawn's sun. © Stewart Stafford, 2023. All rights reserved.”
“One of the many musical distinctions of my lifetime that used to seem important and now is completely forgotten is the difference between “alternative” and “indie” rock.”
“You’re already in the territory of the flowers. It’s only a matter of time before you bloom.”
“During my time of need, the medical system failed me.”
“I wonder if my lost time is rolling around somewhere. I could have loved someone with that time -- I could have done something beautiful for someone. But I've nothing to show for that lost time. No waste, no ruin, no regrets, no pain. No feeling of having been alive.”
“Time slows, swirls, repeats. Each step is hard going, the heavy pack peeling me back off the slope or jamming me into it. Spindrift hisses into my face, frets my cheeks. I murmur a mantra to myself: Take the time that needs to be taken, take the time that needs to be taken.”
“De vergane tijd kan in de container met de opdruk -Geschiedenis-.”
“The true beginning was in the beforetimes”
“I am putting my energy into my future.”
“The most important thing I learned on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present, and future, always have existed. always will exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just the way we can look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is just an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever.”
“Time is the illusion that love craves.”
“The candle of time burns quickly”
“Time is a machine; it will convert your pain into experience.”
“Zondag en maandag verstreken met horten en stoten. De minuten sleepten zich voort en de uren vlogen voorbij.”
“Nothing granted the providence to outdo time, and so he determined it was a spiritual lacking and trained harder in prayer.”
“Time is not what it is but how it is felt ”
“If determinism, the predictability of the universe, breaks down with black holes, it could break down in other situations. Even worse, if determinism breaks down, we can’t be sure of our past history either. The history books and our memories could just be illusions. It is the past that tells us who we are; without it, we lose our identity.”
“Books that nourish the lonely hearts .as they make a song in desolate times ..they build a house to take you in when the world forsakes you .and all this they do ..with phenomenal words ..”
“ yes, we can carry time, but it also carries us.”
“Why, I have never anything to do. I am always free, and I always will be free if you want me.”
“The nights and days were weaved like knots in a Kermanshah carpet.”
“You always find time for things that feed your soul.”
“There are so many people now who aren’t people anymore.”
“How ironic it was that mortals, who had the least time of all, were willing to waste so much of it away from the people they love.”
“Tame the time, before it tames you.”
“Let yourself be the disciple of time and see how the beautiful world of your dreams emerges around you.”
“Each of us is an artist of our days; the greater our integrity and awareness, the more original and creative our time will become.”
“If we could be mindful of how short our time is, we might learn how precious each day is.”
“Of course, winning is much better than losing. No argument there. But winning or losing doesn’t affect the weight and value of the time. It’s the same time, either way. A minute is a minute, an hour is an hour. We need to cherish it. We need to deftly reconcile ourselves with time, and leave behind as many precious memories as we can -that’s what’s the most valuable.”
“In the fleeting window of just 24 hours, humanity has witnessed the pinnacle of greatness. Time, the ultimate arbiter of our existence, holds within it the potential for unparalleled achievement. The only obstacle standing in the way of your own greatness lies in the manner in which you choose to allocate this most precious resource.”
“In the fleeting window of just 24 hours, humanity has witnessed the pinnacle of greatness. Time, the ultimate arbiter of our existence, holds within it the potential for unparalleled achievement. The only obstacle standing in the way of your own greatness lies in the manner in which you choose to allocate this most precious resource.”
“Cassian grunted in pain, but lifted his bloodied hands- to cup her face. 'I have no regrets in my life, but this.' HIs voice shook with every word. 'That we did not have time. That I did not have time with you, Nesta.' She didn't stop him as he leaned up and kissed her- lightly. As much as he could manage. Cassian said softly, brushing away the tear that streaked down her face. 'I will find you again in the next world- the next life. And we will have that time. I promise.”
“Life is a great puzzle that is woven into the pieces of time. The more we live the more apparent it gets, and it makes more sense”
“In time, all fortunes part ways.”
“My love. We’re all dead. All our days are numbered. That’s the beauty of what Christ did for us—dying so that we could finally taste real life. Pouring Himself out so that we could be filled.”
“Sweet sour taste is the test of time.”
“Time teaches things worth knowing.”
“Do your very best in your time.”
“Time, she does not protest in her passing.”
“( ) los lugares no cambiaban, la memoria tampoco, ni siquiera los sucesos, tan solo éramos nosotros los que lo hacíamos, moldeándonos, resurgiendo, cayendo, convirtiéndonos en otros por dentro y por fuera.”
“Even if you turn back the clock of the whole universe, you still can't stop and evildoer from exercising his free will.”
“In May, anything seemed possible. If only I could learn to harness time itself. To make every month like May! Or, perhaps, to live backward in time, so that whenever the end of the month arrived, I could turn May right around and live it all over again.”
“La guérison ne s'obtient pas en quelques jours, ni même en quelques semaines. C'est le temps de la convalescence, à accompagner en douceur pour s'acheminer vers un mieux-être.”
“Every second in the air in Paris, is art.”
“Take advantage of the time that people give you, without taking advantage of the people giving you time.”
“This is reality, this is pure fact - this forest, this moss, your hand, the ladybird on my leg, this cannot be taken away, can it? (it will, it was). This has all come together here, no matter how the paths twisted, and fooled each other, and got fouled up, they inevitably met here!”
“Time! On whose arbitrary wing The varying hours must flag or fly, Whose tardy winter, fleeting spring, But drag or drive us on to die”
“But we are always running out of time. There is never enough time. That is the sad predicament of life: To never have enough time. To start dying the second you are born…”
“For we thought all the time that we were passing through time when we really weren't, when we never have. We've just been moving along with time. We said, there's another second gone, there's another minute and another hour and another day, when, as a mater of fact the second or the minute or the hour was never gone. It was the same one all the time. It had just moved along and we have moved with it.”
“As the lilac-scented breeze carries the memories there remains the lingering reminder of the times we hold in deep for to love deeply and live deeply . is to smell the fragrance of life ..”
“Time feeds on us. We are food for time.”
“Fear, any fear, is a waste of time. As the regrets.”
“Tomorrow I will be reincarnated as the sun, and when I die the birds will migrate north and the world will be cold," —Birds On The Wall”
“As far as immediate material production is concerned, the decision whether an object is to be produced or not, i.e., the decision on the value of the object, will depend essentially on the labor time required for its production. For it depends on that time whether society has time to develop in a human way. And even as far as intellectual production is concerned, must I not, if I proceed reasonably in other respects, consider the time necessary for the production of an intellectual work when I determine its scope, its character and its plan? Otherwise, I risk at least that the object that is in my idea will never become an object in reality, and can therefore acquire only the value of an imaginary object, i.e., an imaginary value. ”
“You always have less time than you think.”
“I have no next time, each moment is unique, different from every other moment, and many are wasted by my own indolence.”
“High dosing of a single amino acid can be done for a short period of time, but long term it may cause issues.”
“As a person with Altitude Hypersensitivity, I spend my time at or near to sea level.”
“As long as you have time, do what you really want, because once the time runs out, nothing is left".”
“Time is memory.”
“You don't have to be a super soldier like Captain America or infused with photon energy like Captain Marvel to make an impact. In fact, deferring to a solitary hero or leader to save us from all our problems brings us authoritarians and strongmen. We tap out, wait on the sidelines, and outsource all the work. When people come together around shared values, investing their time and talents to create solutions to a problem, that's when movement and change happen.”
“The jumbled brick and stone of the city's landscape is a medley of style in which centuries and decades rub shoulders in a disorder that denies the sequence of time.”
“Well, you have to be near death to understand why life matters, otherwise, you don't have the perspective. You believe you have the time to put off that phone call you haven't made to your mother. You let an old argument fester. You fold down the page in a travel magazine and tell yourself one day, you'll get to Istanbul or Santorini or back to the town where you were born. You have the luxury of time, until you don't- and then it becomes clear what's most important.”
“You travel back along the line of time and you don't find the past, but another world, another bracket of consciousness. The earth would be the same, you see, or almost the same. Same trees, same rivers, same hills, but it wouldn't be the world we know. Because it had lived a different life, it has developed differently. The second back of us is not the second back of us at all, but another second, a totally separate sector of time. We live in the same second all the time. We move along within the bracket of that second, that tiny bit of time that has been allotted to our particular world.”
“Time heals nothing if you waste it.”
“If you don't know what's worth spending your time, ask yourself, if you were to die in five years, what would you do?”
“I am not a statue that was carved and sculpted to be a perfect masterpiece. I am still being moulded, and forever it shall be so. I am ready to be remodelled in the hands of the world’s greatest sculptor, time.”
“Time is my friend when it doesn't let the bad moments stay but it becomes my enemy when it lets the good moments pass by.”
“As I'm a WIP (work in progress) whip me if I'm wrong or disgress, but time has no excuse to age us at all, no use when all that we feel is being ageless!”
“Three seconds. A whole world turning in three-second life-units that build upon themselves to form a truly wondrous twenty-four-hour miracle that we so insufficiently call 'Wednesday'.”
“If you think you don’t have enough time to work out remind yourself that there is no better way to make more time than increasing your chances of living longer.”
“Hand Watches" I opened the drawer where I keep old things and tokens… I looked over some hand watches with dead batteries and frozen times… Watches gifted to me over the years by teachers or friends commending my accomplishments and respect for time… It never occurred to them nor to me then that Time would die in a heart attack and cease to matter the day my homeland was occupied and destroyed… The day plunderers, in collaboration with thieves at home, would burn and destroy everything beautiful… And ever since, I refuse to wear hand watches… I vowed not to wear a hand watch until my people retrieve their Time and dignity… And when that happens, Time will not matter for I will then turn into a butterfly a sparrow a daffodil an orange Or perhaps an apricot blossom on a branch… I will turn into a spring of water flowing beyond time and timing … In that same drawer I found pens that have run out of ink looking now like mummified corpses… At a moment of despair, A strong feeling struck me like a lightning leaving me with a frightening question: What if this is a wound no time can heal, a cause that no ink can revive? [Published on April 7, 2023 on CounterPunch.org]”
“Time is a constant force, like two poles connected by an elastic string. Taking a pause in life is like stretching that string, gathering energy to propel us forward with greater force and speed.”
“Firm the whole fabric stood, Or seemed to stand, and sound As it had stood before. But nothing backward climbs, And when I looked around As at the former times, There was Life—pale and hoar; And slow it said to me, ‘Twice-over cannot be!”
“This has been a time of trying to figure out: how much time do we spend maintaining the plans and systems we have created for ourselves, tying up the loose ends of the plans we've completed or abandoned, and imagining and making plans for what we want and need in days to come?  All have promise. All have residue. All have costs. All have benefits.”
“Never could I have enough; never stay long enough—whether here or whether lying on the shorter sward under the sweeping and graceful birches, or on the thyme-scented hills. Hour after hour, and still not enough. Or walking the footpath was never long enough, or my strength sufficient to endure till the mind was weary. The exceeding beauty of the earth, in her splendour of life, yields a new thought with every petal. The hours when the mind is absorbed by beauty are the only hours when we really live, so that the longer we can stay among these things so much the more is snatched from inevitable Time.”
“It's not here anymore," he said. "What?" "What happened." "Then where is it?" "It's gone. It's over. You can't find it, stroke it, coo over it. Time has stolen it away like it fucking steals everything. In rare instances, like yours, that can be a good thing.”
“I have never lost a minute praying. For the minutes given over to prayer always create hours given over to my life.”
“You can picture it, can't you? The moment when time caught to us, the slant of light in which the familiar turned strange.”
“One day fades into another and I forget why I am.”
“No thought can encapsulate the vastness of the totality. Reality is a unified whole, but thought cuts it up into fragments. This gives rise to fundamental misperceptions, for example, that there are separate things and events, or that this is the cause of that. Every thought implies a perspective, and every perspective, by its very nature, implies limitation, which ultimately means that it is not true, at least not absolutely. Only the whole is true, but the whole cannot be spoken or thought. Seen from beyond the limitation of thinking and therefore incomprehensible to the human mind, everything is happening now. All that ever has been or will be is now, outside of time, which is a mental construct.”
“I planned my life by the hour as closely as one plans a year, and no further than an hour.”
“It's not so much time is circular as time confuses memory with hope and fear which often looks like the future”
“Recollecting the treasured memories . strengthens the shared meaning  . building a deeper emotional connection it is a relational way of reminiscing the olden times By opening them again with the other .it becomes a throwback to the forgotten past .but as you gather those times it becomes a shared moment cuddling by the fire for no longer are they memories frozen mutely in time rather a melting past revived to savor a lifeless relationship .”
“Ich habe viel Zeit in den Kellergewölben verbracht, nicht aus Überdruß an der Sonne oder plein air, ich verlor nur die Kontrolle über die Stunden und über das Leben, wenn ich mich so ausdrücken darf; ich verzichtete auf jene starren Definitionen des täglichen Lebens, die es erlauben, der natürlichen Wärme zu folgen oder einfach von der Sonne und den Elementen abzuhängen; ich lag oder ich stand aufrecht, oder ich lehnte nur an einer Wand in diesen feuchten Zimmern, den Schlafsälen meiner Ware, die emsig hin und her ging, die Blicke nach oben, zu den Gittern gerichtet. Zwischen Spaten, Trophäen und Splittern im Marmorabfall stehen die tönernen Gäste, die Schlingen knüpfen aus Schlaf, als wären es Mechelner Spitzen, sie segeln über die Wände, springen wir Kautschuk auf die Stufen aus Staub, steigen nach oben, zum Licht, sie steigen umsonst, gelangen zu nichts, nicht einmal zur Seligkeit oder zur Erschöpfung der Verzweiflung. Und wie in den Märchen kehrte ich nach oben zurück, schwer an Jahren.”
“Recollecting the treasured memories . strengthens the shared meaning  .by building a deeper emotional connection It is a relational way of reminiscing about the olden times By opening them again with the other .it becomes a throwback to the forgotten past .but as you gather those times it becomes a shared moment cuddling by the fire for no longer are they memories frozen mutely in time rather a melting past revived to savor a lifeless relationship .”
“What is the ‘present’? We say that only the things of the present exist: the past no longer exists and the future doesn’t exist yet. But in physics there is nothing that corresponds to the notion of the ‘now’.”
“Everything is in flux, everything moves all the time. Nothing remains the same forever.”
“I asked my heart, the meaning of Happiness. I found my Soul, walking along its route long before my Mind had known. Because Happiness simply tastes like Love in a bottle of galloping Moments, nimbly fleeting yet wonderfully etched in Time's bosom of Never-ending Smile.”
“We live in the past. We save the present for dark days”
“Every moment will brighten up if we know how to ignite them.”
“Time is the author of change. Without time, there is no change, or at least we cannot reason about it in any other way.”
“We are making a decision in every moment, which defines the moment after. And in some way, each question is a micro-decision. Each assessment and reading of the now is the best input we have for what we do next.”
“In certainty, the future relieves us, and in uncertainty, it leaves us distraught.”
“It was so long ago now, it practically never happened”
“Many of us reach the end of the rainbow and realize there is no pot of gold, only more rainbow…”
“It was that once upon a time the world had been full of possibility and excitement and wonder, and now it held difficulty and years of toil to come, and defeat after inevitable defeat. And yet here they were, Vikram and Gil, once again making themselves a space in which they could, perhaps, be happy.”
“you gonna figure it all out and it's going to be so worth it, despite it all.”
“The last time I ever saw Jeff alive, he gave me a gift - an hourglass. And it took over two decades later for the symbolism to finally dawn on me: an hourglass, gifted from a young man with one foot planted in the next world. His time was running out. Even the hourglass he gifted me appeared to have been stolen - I imagine from the desktop of one of the school classrooms he was hired to clean. Not borrowed time but stolen.”
“I routinely spend time living an electricity free life.”
“People can choose to waste your time but they cannot waste your talents.”
“Don't wish away time. No matter how hard it is right now. It passes by quickly enough on its own.”
“[Hand Watches] I opened the drawer Where I keep old things and tokens I glanced over some hand watches With dead batteries and frozen times… Watches that were gifted to me over time By teachers or friends To commend my accomplishments and respect for time… It never occurred to them or to me then That Time would die in a heart attack And will cease to be important The day my homeland was occupied and destroyed… The day the occupying thieves In collaboration with the thieves within Would burn and destroy everything beautiful in it… And since then, I refuse to wear hand watches And will never wear one Until my people get back their Time and dignity… And when that happens, Time will remain unimportant For then, I will turn into a butterfly A sparrow A daffodil or an orange blossom, Or perhaps an apricot blossom on a branch An unstoppable sprig of water That flows beyond time and timing … In that same drawer I found Pens that have run out of ink Looking like mummified corpses.. At a moment of despair, A strong feeling struck me like a lightning Leaving me with a frightening question: What if this is a wound that all time can’t cure A cause that all the ink of the world can’t solve? [Original poem published in Arabic on February 5, 2023 at ahewar.org]”
“You can't do enough tomorrow to make up for not doing anything today. That's why it's best to have started yesterday.”
“To blame me in the past is a very future me thing to do. But what am I supposed to do, blame someone else for my mistakes? Somebody needs to be held accountable, and it certainly won’t be the version of me in that moment.”
“Nostalgia is where the past blurs into the present. That’s where all the best scents are to be found.”
“Time passes. I do stuff. Some of it matters. Some of it doesn't.”
“We are always pressed for time as if we have forgotten that the one and only purpose of time is love.”
“Strangers always ask me if I'm from Michigan. I say, "Why, do I have a Detroit-shaped face, circa 1960?" They all say yes, but I know they are lying, because I look more like Mackinac Island at the turn of the twentieth century.”
“I asked her on a date for Friday at 8:00. She said, “Some other time, maybe.” So I said, “How about 8:01?” ”
“I've been in love one time, I said as I held up my pinky. I would have held up my index finger, but I wasn't in love that long.”
“ Proud Songsters The thrushes sing as the sun is going, And the finches whistle in ones and pairs, And as it gets dark loud nightingales In bushes Pipe, as they can when April wears, As if all Time were theirs. These are brand-new birds of twelve-months’ growing, Which a year ago, or less than twain, No finches were, nor nightingales, Nor thrushes, But only particles of grain, And earth, and air, and rain.”
“The memory is ancient, yet, somehow stronger than the night I was last awake. Isn’t that the thing about memories - some rust before time, while some outlive their purpose?”
“Time flies away when you are with your favorite people and time stops when you are with bored people….. it need to be opposite…..”
“Nothing is like before. Everything is kind of late.”
“Time always seemed to be the issue for her. It moved too quickly to catch hold of and enjoy. It spurned her advances like an unrequited love.”
“The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith”
“Neither moved, as if time was a predator that they could elude by simply standing still.”
“I was talking about time. It’s so hard for me to believe in it. Some things go on. Pass on. Some things just stay. I used to think it was rememory. You know. Some things you forget. Other things you never do. But it’s not. Places, places are still there. If a house burns down, it’s gone, but the place - the picture of it stays, and not just in my rememory, but out there in the world. What I remember is a picture floating around out there outside my head. I mean, even if I don’t think it, even if I die, the picture of what I did, or knew, or saw is still out there. Right in the place where it happened.”
“The future is still to come. There is still the chance for possibilities and opportunities. But we know that those will vanish. Time ticks on. For us mortals bound by time, sense, and reflex, this experience that we are registering has already happened. By the time we recognize a moment to be the present, it no longer is.”
“Don’t spend your time and energy focusing on how something else stopped you.”
“Inna Sacred Globe, Light Inna Gift Heralds The Time's Passage”
“I'm sixteen years old. I'm supposed to have all the time in the world!”
“I tried to force myself to enjoy every detail, every second of time. When I looked out at the beach, I imagined each grain of sand like a measure of time that I’d been allotted. I could either let them run through my hands or I could stop and pay attention.”
“Missing someone you love for an extended period of time can and will lead to madness, every bit as much as a wound that is not cleaned will lead to a festering sore, and thence an illness that spreads throughout the body. The only boundary between desire and obsession is time; if you crave someone long enough, it becomes a need. It becomes your ever-waking thought. The only thing you live for.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“Time settles down a thing or two but not everything. We cannot wait forever. We cannot hope forever. We cannot dream forever. We have to move on with whatever we have or with nothing at all. We have to move on.”
“A limpet is a creature without eyes, limbs, without so much as a brain, and yet it creates for itself a spot on the rock that is its home. It leaves its mark on that spot, wearing away the rock until its shell forms a perfect seal. The home scar. Maybe time is like that. Maybe we always move exactly to where and when we belong, even without realizing it. It certainly feels like that for me. As though everything in my whole life has led me to where I am now.”
“Time passes regardless of pain… It’s all about who you surround yourself with and what you do with that time that matters most. You learn to move forward with the pain best you can—there’s no leaving it behind.”
“Sorrys are stories I do not have time for.”
“Not every untraversed road is exceptional to tread on. Some are best left that way, unremembered by the passage of Time.”
“You can make a new version of what you love only by renouncing it.”
“Time is a horrible temptress to waste one's life pondering.”
“I'm thinking how beautiful the world is, Eben; and how it keeps on being beautiful--no matter what happens to us. The spring comes year after year, for us, or Egypt; the sun goes down in the same green, lovely sky; the birds sing for us, or yesterday or for yesterday or for tomorrow. It was never made for anything but beauty, Eben--whether we lived now, or long ago.”
“It was a time when the future could have been anything, been anywhere. It was so open that it could actually crush her.”
“Don’t be anxious to move along with your wrinkles. They just indicate that you’ve reached the next level.”
“Sometimes it's hard to keep the facts straight after so long, to remember all that has happened (though the emotions remain like stains).”
“Of course I fear the past, and for good reason. The Past, unlike everything else in our experience, has already proven it can happen.”
“If I can’t get your love, time, money, hope, and positivity, don’t thrash me with your desperation, anxiety, negativity, criticism, or unsolicited advice. ”
“Every time we learn a new thing, we open doors for opportunities. ”
“To stay ahead in the fast and furious world, slow down and think! ”
“Sage's Gift Maps Out A Keyring”
“The Keyring Maps Out A Sage's Gift”
“The Topaz Keyring Maps Out A Sage's Gift”
“WHEN TIME IS LIMITED, FOCUS ON ENERGY.”
“The Sage's Gift A Seed Maps The Topaz Keyring A Sandy Zenith The Hexagonal Prismatic Oculus”
“The Sage's Gift A Seed Maps The Topaz Keyring A Sandy Zenith The Hexagonal Oculus Prism”
“When you weren’t always worrying about how to pay for your life, you could actually take a beat to enjoy it.”
“At 9, with her stew more reduced than any set of freedoms could ever be, she decides she fancies a baked potato with it. We sit down an hour later and something about the lateness of the meal prompts her to bring up the family 'holidays' they used to take down in Devon. (She puts the word in scare quotes because as far as she's concerned a woman's work was never done.) She says there was something magical about those holidays, now that she thinks about it. 'We bought that cottage for fourteen grand. You couldn't get a back door for that money nowadays. But that's what happens. Things change. I mean, look at me. If I found myself in the back of the fridge I wouldn't think twice about throwing myself out.' I ask if she worries about getting old. She snorts. At the question's stupidity. 'The trouble with death,' she says, 'is that it stops you doing things.”
“The Sage's Gift A Seed The Topaz Keyrings Unique The Sandy Zeniths Hexagonal Prismatics The Oculus Crystal Swirling”
“then time reaches us. often, we are glad.”
“How you spend your life is how you spent your life.”
“En av mine mange redsler er å bli mannen med den frynsete jakka og den uknepte buksesmekken foran kassa på Samvirkelaget, med egg på skjorta og mer til fordi speilet i gangen har slutta å virke. En havarert mann uten anker noe annet sted enn i sine egne flytende tanker der tida har mista sin rekkefølge.”
“Dear Daughter, Self-love enables you to enjoy time alone and develop a healthy sense of self-worth.”
“Más que todo, ahora querría captar la luz que baña rostros ya invisibles, manteles cargados de comida desvanecida, esa luz que estaba ya ahí en los relatos de los domingos de infancia y que no ha dejado de posarse sobre las cosas vividas inmediatamente, una luz anterior. Salvar algo del tiempo en el que ya no estaremos nunca más”
“I'm buying time. I went bankrupt.”
“Time is just the thing that happens between snacks.”
“Don't allow life to pass you by because you are afraid of looking stupid.”
“Inna Whorl Turn Ring A Portal Rifts A Vortex, The Key To The Past Maps The Future”
“ And So It Came To Pass, Inna Whorl Turn Ring A Portal Rifts A Vortex, The Key Sages A Gift, And The Past Maps The Future, To The East Always To The East ”
“Inna Map Mapped A Key, Inna Sage Saged A Gift, Inna Whorl Turn Ring A Portal Rifts A Vortex ”
“It was a never-ending, soul-sucking saga trying to live two lives — one online and one in the real world. The former was like a picturesque garden, and the latter more like a desert waste; none could escape from either.”
“Take for example the most famous scientific equation of all time, E=mc2, where 'c' denotes the speed of light, 'E' equals energy, and 'm' equals mass. If time is different or not existent in the quantum world or the event horizon of a black hole, then speed must also be different because speed is a measure of the rate in which time passes when an object travels over a distance between two points. Hypothetically, if time doesn't exist in these places, either E=m alone or the whole equation no longer applies.  ”
“Time—how often has she heard it described as sand within a glass, steady, constant. But that is a lie, because she can feel it quicken, crashing toward her.”
“It's not out of the question that eventually, using Ai, to realistically shield and synthesize the "envelope" of a specific environment, and then actualizing destructive and constructive interference patterns will lead to, if not instantaneous materialization, then certainly a directional indication towards the most visible source of that matching vibrational resonance model. I call this the "frequencies equation." Envelope, vibrational resonance model, and frequencies equation are the same concept.”
“There is a compression in technology and it is getting smaller and smaller. The speed of processors is defined by how tightly the dies can be cast together. Which is why blue-shifting is related to consciousness. But this detail is, as far as I can tell, unknown to the Terran scientific community, despite every article relating to computing summarizing this fact.”
“The reader may be wondering that if compression leads to blue shifting and to a more conscious state, isn’t blue shifting something desirable? Prioritizing blue shifting will bring a person to a higher mental state, but that doesn't automatically equate to higher happiness.”
“If you attempt to blueshift your brain matter while simultaneously using your mental focus to extricate any red shifting (slowing down) of details in your life, you'll become trapped in an optimism loop with no forward progress actually possible.”
“It's not out of the question that eventually, using Ai, to realistically shield and synthesize the "envelope" of a specific environment, and then actualizing destructive and constructive interference patterns will lead to, if not instantaneous materialization, then certainly a directional indication towards the most visible source of that matching vibrational resonance model. I call this the "frequencies equation.”
“if compression leads to blue shifting and to a more conscious state, isn’t blue shifting something desirable? Prioritizing blue shifting will bring a person to a higher mental state, but that doesn't automatically equate to higher happiness. Anyways, every action in physical reality carries with it an equal and opposite reaction, so if you attempt to blueshift your brain matter while simultaneously using your mental focus to extricate any red shifting (slowing down) of details in your life, you'll become trapped in an optimism loop with no forward progress actually possible.”
“A stolid example of red shifting with power would be the 'Art of Allowance.' Just dropping it, and letting it power down to a frequency of zero (0) if it wants, the longest wavelength and therefor most in the direction of red shifting physically possible.”
“The habit to get out of is the one (1) that goes, "I know what I'm doing, and every distraction is a bad thing that takes me further from my goals." Instead, if you get into the habit of accepting sometimes that distractions can be a path to your manifestations, then that's more neural matter your higher mind has access to, so it can give you it. In a word, it's called having 'grace.' But what it really is, is creating more bridges to your higher mind, increasing your blueshift while minimizing the pushback from the redshift.”
“The cosmos is inflating, which is red shifting. This is equivalent to stating that the speed of light is slowing down, which in turn is equivalent to stating that the physical material is red shifting, which in turn is equivalent to stating that the conscious forms inhabiting the cosmos with their bodies in that physical material are blue shifting.”
“Belief systems are ephemeral and have a self-reinforcing component. This self-reinforcing characteristic allows you to experience the sustained reality of that belief system because it is constantly being chosen second to second. It is a type of momentum going in one direction and inspires you to act and select the same way in the next moment.”
“While it may be an oversimplification, positive beliefs are more “simple” as they are more aligned with your true natural vibration and are expansive. Negative thoughts or negative energy compartmentalizes or rigidizes a non-expanding structure.”
“Any negative belief system will key into your survival instincts and perpetuate the idea that if you don’t follow this belief, you may be unable to survive. It tricks you into believing that nothing will be left of you if you change. The second trick of negative or fear-based beliefs is that they may tell you that it is impossible to change and there is no way out. It traps you in a vicious cycle.”
“Understand that there is nothing in the universe that cannot change. There is a relentless stream of information, higher frequencies, sending information from the higher mind directed at your core being. You will see the alternatives when you open yourself up to the possibilities”
“The Mynt variable is a type of X-ray machine to examine your beliefs. It can give you an edge because once you've identified the structure, identified the negative belief, and understand what all the tricks are, you can react according to rewiring your thought pattern and plugging in new variables to try. Over time, you will switch to a positive frame of reference, gain growth, and have positive synchronicity.”
“Personal expansion is a product of inclusion, not exclusion”
“The main point of Mynt's variable is plasticity and the rewiring of your mind as it begins to consider the idea of the multi-dimensional framework of your existence.”
“In essence, every single particle interaction replays the entirety of all possible cosmic events since the beginning of eternity, at low resolution, skipping some amount of the total infinite possible information in favor of showing a finite amount instead.”
“The entire physical universe is merely a hyper-dimensional computer processor core that, like conventional CPUs, has only a single clock motion, which it repeats at varying frequencies. From this reality, experience emerges.”
“The end of the story was already written to begin, as it must be when using virtualization (think digitalization via computer simulation) and that is the light, which has already won. That is why it is good to be alive. It was designed that way, naturally.”
“There is no real thing of time travel in the science fiction sense. It’s more a matter of matching vibrations with a moment similar in a parallel reality. It may look almost identical and you may not be able to tell the difference, but you are actually not in your own past, you are in a parallel reality that looks like what you experience as the past, but it’s not yours in that sense.”
“The idea is, we are representative of a probable future that contains and expresses certain frequencies and certain vibrations, that are representative of a harmonious earth, interacting with different beings, and its uyr choice to decide, and guide yourself, shift yourself to that version of earth or that timeline by being more of uyr self.”
“Allow uyr self to change your frequency to help you navigate the different frames of parallel realities. This frequency modulation creates a continuous timeline that you experience in physical reality. It enables uy to navigate to the version of earth that already exists that’s more representative of the changes uy made within yourself that uy say uy prefer.”
“The more uy embrace that future, the more probable that future becomes. As uy move toward that probable future, it becomes more apparent. This movement and blending create more probabilities in which uy desired manifestation is likely to occur and be experienced.”
“To develop pataphysical understanding, we must be flexible with our belief systems which have kept us locked into seeing things one way”
“Realize that uy do not change the world per se; uy change uyr own personal perspective, which instantly shifts uy to a new, slightly altered parallel universe. The only way to change the future of a timeline in physical reality is to concurrently change the past. When the change in the past occurs during a moment uy decide you weren't present for to be able to tell the difference, the alteration can occur seamlessly. This happens almost all of the time.”
“A spiritual acceleration period is going to absolutely summon block-heads in sight but out of reach, as they will serve as road markers going the opposite way that uy're facing. This is positive signage that you're moving in the proper direction.”
“The meta-reality is a net positive zone, albeit the mechanism occurs only out of sight because the mechanism, of course, is powered by negative energy. That consumption process makes it net-positive in every angle other than the angle of "well, better check on the negativity to make sure it's all there where it should be!”
“Putting more positive into a positive feedback loop simply yields more of it. That's why negativity into a negative feedback loop is a self-consumptive process which ultimately exhausts itself, whereas positivity into positive feedback loop is the essential form of continual growth. Conscious entities have a special affinity for positive feedback loops due to our fractal nature. A person with contradictory energy will always find themselves getting in their own way, notably when thinking about trying not to think about something.”
“Time puts everything in its proper place and whatever is misplaced is already on the way to where it belongs.”
“A whole life can be lost in minutes and can be wasted in the small moments missed.”
“There are two sides of wisdom, one side of which God teaches you lessons and advice, and the other side brings failure if you don't like by the politics of that time.”
“Whatever was to happen eventually, she was slipping for now into the state of timelessness, when the past was one small circle of all events both recent and long ago, the empty future seemed suspended forever, and the present was an all-encompassing blanket floating in nothingness.”
“I fall. I fall and fall, air whipping my face, my shredded arms and legs. It’s almost a relief. A relief to know that everything is going to end in just another instant, when my body hits the water, when every bone breaks, and I sink beneath the waves. I’ll be dead then, and the pain flaring through my senses from all those deadly cuts will be over. The fear of the future will be over as well, and my ten years of enslavement. All will be done.”
“I disliked couples therapy, as the same problems were getting discussed every time and nothing really improved in the relationship.”
“My girlfriend would spend most of her time talking about her problems and not our problems at couples therapy. It was like sitting in on her personal therapy session.”
“Live within the past and you will never be able to see your future.”
“The overclock stopped the Witcher for the watch when it two timed the hour for the quality in 60 minutes to 60 seconds”
“Pi Is To Time As Phi Is To SORT In Triangulating Its Square Abstracting Its Rectangular Orifice In The Quadratic Sequence”
“XORBING TIMES Gives Resistance To All Elements For Isosceles Triangulation In Square Abstraction Too Rectangular Orificing”
“THOHPAISZINXORBITS GPL Instruction Set Is To.Pass.In.Xor.Bits Inspired By My Quotes, The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith For The Rectangular Orifix In The Square Is Triangulated To Binary”
“It's the kind of movie that makes you realize that each person you glance at, interact with or ignore is an epic film or thrilling novel you'll never get to experience. Makes you bless the grandeur of life and curse it at the same time for being to painfully narrow and brief.”
“Time is a slow determinant.”
“Time should move,” Noni had told her. “Don’t go in for a life where time doesn’t pass, the way I did. That is the single best bit of advice I can give you.”
“A great leader will not waste time reacting to the filthy toolkit but will devote that time to the growth of the entity.”
“And So It Came To Pass That The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Zenith, Although Nor Half Empty Nor Half Full In The Time Consumed, Was The Topaz Orange Elixir Of Magic In The Town Portal To King Leoric's Tomb”
“And So It Came To Pass That The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith, And In Its Glass Nor Empty Nor Half Xor Full Time Consumed, Was The Tomb Of King Leoric, The Crown, And The Topaz Orange Elixir Of Magic Portal Up To Town”
“And So It Came To Pass That The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith, And In Its Empty Glass Before Half Xor Full Time Consumed, Was The Tomb Of King Leoric, The Crown, Topaz Orange Elixir Of Magic, And Portal Up To Town”
“And So It Came To Pass That The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith, And In The Whorl Ring The Town Portal That Time Consumes The Empty Ether, Was The Tomb Of King Leoric, The Crown, A Topaz Orange Elixir Of Magic The Ring Is Mine My Own My Precious ”
“ And So It Came To Pass That The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith, And Inside That Whorl Ring The Town Portal That Time Consumes The Empty Ether Was The Tomb Of King Leoric, The Crown, And The Topaz Orange Elixir Of Magic That The Whorl Ring Cucked On A Hidden Shrine, And The Ring Is Mine, My Own, My Precious In Time ”
“ And So It Came To Pass That The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith, And Inside The Whorl Ring That Town Portal The Time Consumes The Empty Ethereal Tomb Was King Leoric's Crown, The Topaz Orange Elixir Of Magic Affixed In Time, And In The Second Awakening Cucked On A Hidden Shrine The Compass Rose That Ring Is Mine My Own My Precious Dime”
“ And So It Came To Pass That The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith, And Inside The Whorl Ring That Town Portal The Time Consumes The Empty Ethereal Tomb Was King Leoric's Crown, The Topaz Orange Magic Elixir Was Affixed, And The Second Awakening Was That The Brilliant Dazzling Compass Rose Cucked On A Hidden Shrine But The Ring Was Mine My Own My Precious Diadem In Time ”
“Shifting timelines is as simple as changing the setting on cosmic macroscope. Instead of scrolling it linearly, it can be made to jump, or go backwards. To go slower, or faster. You don't need machinery to do it all, because we already have one (1) of those devices--it's called the universe, and currently, you're peering at yourself through it.”
“The takeaway from the formula I derived by modifying Planck's constant is that it's not a constant; it's a variable, and uy are the one (1) who shifts it slightly. How you shift determines which timeline uy subjectively observe.”
“The Mynt variable is not a universal theory because it doesn't address quantum chromodynamics. It is best described as Variable Timeflow.”
“To alter the rate of time is physically equivalent to simultaneously altering the speed of light / Planck's constant inversely proportionally with each other.”
“The takeaway from Mynt's variable derived by modifying Planck's constant is that it's not a constant; it's a variable, and you are the one who shifts it slightly. How you shift determines which timeline you subjectively observe. Conscious awareness determines the rate at which Planck's constant flickers.”
“Once uy break through the shell of uyr own negativity, uy can manifest anything with ease.”
“All this talk about "raising" awareness and reaching for a "higher" mind is not literal. It's just a metaphor to describe gaining an awareness of the frequency nature of reality. They might have called it uyr outer mind or inner being. It doesn't matter. It's not a direction in physical space.”
“In fact, looking at the data for the blackbody radiation (passive heat emissions) of many experiments, it cannot be assured that they aren't already naturally splintered across timelines, because they already agree with Mynt's formula better than Planck's law. The means that the sun not only holds us in orbit, it connects us in time.”
“I was a boy, which meant I was a murderer of my childhood.”
“For, there were many, many things he had neglected. Little matters while he was at home and surrounded by them, but things of mighty moment when he was at an immeasurable distance. There were many many blessings that he had inadequately felt, there were many trivial injuries that he had not forgiven, there was love that he had but poorly returned, there was friendship that he had too lightly prized: there were a million kind words that he might have spoken, a million kind looks that he might have given, uncountable slight easy deeds in which he might have been most truly great and good. O for a day (he would exclaim), for but one day to make amends!”
“How is it that what is actually present and transpiring is commonly perceived by the common sense and understanding only, is bare and bald, without halo or the blue enamel of intervening air? But let it be past or to come, and it is at once idealized. It is not simply the understanding now, but the imagination, that takes cognizance of it. The imagination requires a long range. It is the faculty of the poet to see present things as if, in this sense, also past and future, as if distant or universally significant.”
“Time is the only asset in the world that cannot be accumulated, but when used wisely, it can be cherished for the rest of your life.”
“History is now being documented in the moment through memes, and they shape our memories. I make them as if to say, "I was here, and I mocked this time and place.”
“I often can't remember where I'm at. I'm like that all the time. Not so much forgetful, but more futureful. For me, today is always tomorrow. To all the people who live in the moment I say: Stop living in the past.”
“Watches and clocks are round, like the product Brick Oven serves with five-star flavor, because it's always pizza time. But I'm always split over what to order, because I make their wings disappear like I'm Amelia Earhart.”
“1976. Remember when Stretch Armstrong was the pinnacle of human achievement?”
“Time simply floated open and started to expand. Time held the two of us in light, inside a space so vast it might have reached the heavens, and turned eternal.”
“Christmas 2022 was a time where air travelers should have bought the optional travel insurance!”
“Christmas 2022 was a time where a million passengers suffered flight delays and cancellations.”
“Same Old, Game Old by Stewart Stafford On the first day of the new year, Chronos's roulette wheel rolls, Seeing the thermometer do 60, Scraping shadows off the fridge. Teddy bear plays hide-and-seek, With a giant, grey beast that barks, And an elephant with a rainbow gut, But some things should go AWOL Dinner plate talismans bring cheer, Windfall greens and Jupiter peas, Coins tossed in an oracle's grotto, Marching into the fog of life ahead. © Stewart Stafford, 2023. All rights reserved.”
“Prayer is not a waste of time. It is a good reminder that God is in charge of the Universe. When you pray to Him, you will be fulfilled.”
“My girlfriend was able to con the couples therapists for many years before it emerged she had been having affairs the entire time!”
“Don't worry so much about what's coming later. It doesn't matter. Pay attention to now.”
“There just is, for time doesn't exist except in man's mind.”
“Each day is just another yesterday for tomorrow doesn't exist.”
“I have been married for thirty years now. But time heals everything.”
“If you don't use your life as a strainer from time to time, you will not get a beautiful and pure product.”
“Three factors are important to live Life well. Time. Health. Money. Chances are that you may often have two of those factors within your reach. Rarely, on occasion, you will have all three. Yet people often postpone living their lives well waiting for all three factors to fall in place. It makes better sense to go live your Life when you have two out of the three factors within your reach! Particularly, when you have time and health, and perhaps some money. Because when you don't have health/age on your side, you can't do anything even if you have a lot of time and money!”
“Every morning I introduce myself to the mirror : I am the one from yesterday.”
“It is a small world. I saw my husband three times in the living room today.”
“The magic of Time may feel insignificant when held unto others, but it's more powerful than you may yet realise. You possess the gift of life lived in the moment, the power to pause and see the beauty and wonder all around you, so you may better remember who you serve and why. And in those frozen solitary moments, it serves to remind you that even the greatest of rulers can only truly move forward and effect change in the world synchronicity with those around us. This lesson - the lesson of companionship and trust - I derived great joy in watching you master. it is, perhaps, the greatest gift I could have given you.”
“Time your time judicially.. It's like giving a part of your life. Weave it around The people you love, The things you love to do, and the 'You'..!”
“Zylar could not predict what medicine would make her better. Maybe healing would require art, music, or simply the solace of time. Whatever it took, he would help her surmount this tragedy.”
“Early is on time, on time is late, and late is uacceptable.”
“I’ve traveled into the human world a few times. Didn’t like it much. The air is awfully thick there, and I can almost *feel* Time crawling all over me, aging me with each passing second. Not a pleasant sensation!”
“The Hourglass Orifices Hexagonal Prismatics At Its Sandy Zenith”
“At that time the society is going to blindness, when the intellectuals are marginalized.”
“You don't have to live in the same time zone as others, you can live the 1960s while people are living the 2000s! You decide which time, which era you live in!”
“Don’t try to tell me that time is a healer because time also kills people.”
“Will 45 be getting the consequence of coal in his stocking? Will his candles be blown out? If so, it's about time  And what are the consequences for us-- as a country, as human beings-- if we fail to hold him accountable for the consequences of what he wrought?”
“I think time stands quite still and we move around in it, sometimes slowly and sometimes at a furious rate.”
“If you start Forrest Gump at exactly 10:38:57 PM on New Years Eve, you can ring in the new year with Lieutenant Dan.”
“Marriage is memory, marriage is time. Marriage is not only time: it is also, paradoxically, the denial of time. For forty years I saw myself through John’s eyes. I did not age.”
“Rise and reclaim your power. Dedicate a good amount of your time in prayer.”
“When you reach a certain age, you see that time is all we have. By which I mean, moments like those springing deer this morning, and watching your mother be born, and sitting at the dining room table here waiting for the phone to ring and announce that a certain baby (you) had been born, or that day when all of us hiked out at Point Lobos. That extremely loud seal, your sister's scarf drifting down, down to that black, briny boulder, the replacement you so generously bought her in Monterey, how pleased you made her with your kindness. Those things were real. That is what (that is all) one gets. All this other stuff is real only to the extent that it interferes with those moments.”
“The internet is the flattening of time. It is the place where the last and the present exist on one single plane. But proportionally, because the present calcifies into the past, even now, as we speak, perhaps it is more accurate to say that the internet almost wholly consists of the past. It is the place we go to commune with the past.”
“A friend said to me – we were talking about our stage in life, when we suddenly discover that we are the grown-ups, with children and parents, and even grandparents to tend to, not to mention our pupils, patients or clients or employers – that we spend so much time dealing with it all, there is scarcely time to feel. I walked up the silent road, wondering if I couldn’t reconcile myself again to the idea of the Sabbath, to the day of dreary silence and mutton broth I’d known as a child, if we couldn’t close the shops and still the traffic and institute a modern, churchless day of contemplation and rest; and if it would help at all.”
“Always There For Me Ode to my beloved Mother When there is no sunshine And stars do not shine in the night When the moon is not so bright And there seems to be no light You are always there for me When darkness is here And my pillow becomes a pool of tears When I am surrounded by fear And I need you near You are always there for me When the seas are rough on my side And I swim against the tide When I run out of time And I struggle in life You are always there for me When I am soaked in the rain And cloaked by pain When sadness puts me under strain And my joy goes down the drain You are always there for me When my mornings find me mourning And middays appear cloudy When midnights are filled with groaning And my new dawn is being delayed You are always there for me When the road is long And I need strength to go on When my voice is gone And I cannot sing a song You are always there for me When my heart is weak And I feel so weary When there is no sign of victory And I sometimes worry You are always there for me”
“The reason why time plays a great part in so many of my tales is that this element looms up in my mind as the most profoundly dramatic and grimly terrible thing in the universe. Conflict with time seems to me the most potent and fruitful theme in all human expression.”
“Time and Energy are the most precious assets in life, If you are investing them in something, always make sure that your reward will be higher than your capability of thinking.”
“God has been God all along and time will always prove wrong those who think there is no God.”
“One thing that remains the same is God. Time changes, people change too but God does not change.”
“Avoidance or merely the passage of time will not necessarily make the emotion dissipate. It is simply not true that time automatically heals all wounds.”
“Le temps, mec, ça se compte pas en minutes, je lui dis, mais en moments vraiment vécus.”
“Everything is meant to be gained and lost. Money, jobs, position, titles, friends, relationships, food, and happiness.The trick is to make sure whatever you gained. You hold on to it the longest. You make the best of it. You enjoy it. You preserve it. You appreciate it. You value it. You don’t give it away or lose it before time. That includes life itself.”
“Time is a fleeting thing, a precious gift of life's days, It comes and goes, a bird with swift wings. How I wish I could have more time, but time is fleeting, like a passing breeze, it moves fast and cannot be grasped, it's there one day, gone the next. Of this precious gift I give you mine because you are worth every second spent.”
“The pain we feel so deeply inside is the longing to capture moments in life. It is an illusion of the mind that this time can always be kept. We have to let the moments go and learn to accept the goodbyes. No matter the joy or sorrow, keep your heart open and your spirit willing. Embrace the highs and lows of life, cherishing each moment as it passes; that is the essence of living.”
“I linger in moments long ago, and stroll through the fields of days gone by, Reminiscing on all that was and will be.”
“Life doesn't move through time; time moves through life.”
“She wanted to create her future, not enter a state already shaped to her outline.”
“You are only right when your timing is right, but you are never right when your timing is not right, no matter how hard you struggle to get your timing right.”
“Uncontrolled migration produces social friction not because many refugees are criminals and terrorists (they aren’t), but because living side by side with strangers requires two precious commodities: goodwill and time. Both are necessary to build trust; neither is as widely available as we would like.”
“Rise and take back your power. Dedicate a good amount of your time to prayer.”
“ Time and how are the mysterious elements of any life.”
“If I think behind me, I might break. If I think forward, I lose now. Forever will be a day like this Strung perfectly on the necklace of days.”
“They anger him because he regards his time as his own and feels that it is being stolen. You must therefore zealously guard in his mind the curious assumption 'My time is my own'. Let him have the feeling that he starts each day as the lawful possessor of twenty-four hours. Let him feel as a grievous tax that portion of this property which he has to make over to his employers, and as a generous donation that further portion which he allows to religious duties. But what he must never be permitted to doubt is that the total from which these deductions have been made, was in some mysterious sense, his own personal birth right”
“Yesterday I learned that hours are nothing but bodies We kill upon confronting, Or perhaps they are the ones That backstab us as soon as they are behind ”
“Yesterday I learned that hours are nothing but bodies We kill upon confronting, Or perhaps they are the ones That backstab us as soon as they are behind.”
“There is no time machine To see What happened In the past; If you can Invent it; But all they invent Is lies And fake evidence; There are no crimes Reasoning is easy when no one can know Justice Is A Joke (Time Machine) / Apocalypse Revolution”
“The circular shape of the clock gives us the illusion that time repeats itself.”
“Cualquiera conoce el valor de un segundo cuando están contados hasta la hora de la muerte”
“J.W. Dunne was a distinguished man of science and professor of mathematics. [ ] He embarked upon a lifetime study of precognition. In 1927 he published his basic conclusions in his bestselling book An Experiment with Time. [ ] He argued that if time was a fourth dimension then the passage of time must itself take time. If therefore time takes time there must be a time outside of time. He called this "time 2". [ ] Most of our life we live in "time 1", which is synonymous with the passing ordinary moments of everyday life. But during sleep a part of our personality (observer 2) can slip into this other dimension of time and experience events in the future which are communicated to our ordinary self (observer 1). Investigations led Dunne to conclude that under certain circumstances past, present and future events were accessible to consciousness and that during dreams we can enter this fourth dimension of space-time.”
“He told her the new names. No more Dippers or Tumble Bugs. Everything was the Blizzard, the Mind Bender, Top Gun, the Vortex. "Sounds strange, doesn't it?" Eddie said. "It sounds, she said, wistfully, "like someone else's summer." Eddie realized that was precisely what he had been feeling for years.”
“He looked at his own arms and realized, in his earthly body, he was now older than his father. He had outlived him in every way.”
“So during the years of the Depression I had arranged a schedule for myself. When you don’t have a job or anyone to tell you what to do, you’ve got to fix one for yourself. I divided the day into 4 four-hour periods, of which I would be reading in three of the four-hour periods, and free one of them. By getting up a 8 o’clock in the morning, by 9 I could sit down to read. That meant that I used the first hour to prepare my own breakfast and take care of the house and put things together in whatever shack I happened to be living in at the time. Then three hours of that first four-hour period went to reading. Then came an hour break for lunch and another three-hour unit. And then comes the optional next section. It should normally be three hours of reading and then an hour out for dinner and then three hours free and an hour getting to bed so I’m in bed by 12. On the other hand, if I were invited out for cocktails or something like that, then I would put the work hour in the evening and the play hour in the afternoon. It worked very well. I would get nine hours of sheer reading done in a day. And this went on for five years straight. You get a lot done in that time.”
“She said goodbye, and I knew she was setting like the sun, never to see her again. Something inside me rejected the notion of a farewell, holding to the notion that although the sun sets in the sky every day, it will never be night because this moment is forever frozen in time.”
“She said goodbye, and I knew she was setting like the sun, never to see her again. Something inside me rejected the notion of a farewell, holding to the assumption that although the sun sets in the sky every day, it will never be night because this moment is forever frozen in time.”
“I came upon the links between a simple midday meal and the complex webs of history and geography in which we dwell. I learned the ways a tomato can evoke the past and an apple can offer hope for the future.”
“Time changes the places that knew us, and if we go back after years, still even then it is not the same spot; the gate swings differently, new thatch has been put on the old gables, the road has been widened, and the sward the driven sheep lingered on has gone. (Wild Flowers)”
“Straight, as if sawn down from turf to beach, the cliff shuts off the human world, for the sea knows no time and no era; you cannot tell what century it is from the face of the sea. (The Breeze on Beachy Head)”
“Time is not successive," he said. "It is concrete, cosntant, simultaneous, and not uniform.”
“Patient is the key. When you get stressed, stop, then; take one step at the time. Day-to-day, success will develop itself.”
“Time is a constant factor in the human equation, but energy is a different story”
“Time is limited, but energy isn't”
“You can't buy time with energy, but you can always do more in the same amount of time if you have more energy”
“Are you selling your time or getting paid to learn, experiment, develop skills, and build your careers?”
“The long years had ground away all the hardness and fierceness in their personalities, until all that was left was a gentleness like that of water”
“It's very unfortunate that people spend whole to show off their shallow love on internet than to live and enjoy the moments in real life. The data they'll left behind may important as a footprint but the moments, people & time what they get today will never return so easily is an only truth of life.”
“How much can we extend our working hours? Invariably, the day will end at 24 hours.”
“Time is limited, but energy isn't.”
“When you wish for more time but don't get it, it indicates an imbalance somewhere.”
“I feel you calling, in the autumn sweet transformation. I have reached my brightest green to the gold burning sun. I have folded my colours into the wind, bright colours taken to the sky. My silk has gone to moisture in the rising atmosphere and I am your colours again, deep and warm. I hear your calling and I answer, I come back to you, to slip inside the dark. Will I be found by the decaying things? Will I be found by the roots and drunk by tree and flower? Will I slip and mingle and roll along, find my way to a river and with it dance, and give myself in a sigh to the ocean? Will I scatter, a few fragments of sand – my body to glisten beneath a caress of moonlight as I make my way towards no more as I find my way to forever”
“Time is merely a constant that is constantly sped up by those who wish they never had to tell time again.”
“What More Could I Ask For? Greatest blessing of my life When I see you smile I realise all the time How favoured I am that you are mine Thank you for being on my side My beautiful sunshine Shining star at night Bright light in the dark You make my world a better place And you bring me so much peace My strength when I am weak For you, I stay on my knees Wish you would see how it feels As I walk on the streets Knowing you are a part of me Of you, I am proud indeed As a Mother, I still wonder What I have done To be graced with such a special gift Altogether treasured My place of comfort I know God has been kind By giving me such a child What more could I ask for?”
“My first memories of police corruption were of numerous police stops being made on my car over a relatively short period of time. It turned out that it was the same police officer each time and he was dating my ex!”
“Grateful For You A gratitude poem from a Mother to her miracle child You are a wonderful treasure My love for you, I cannot measure In you, God gave me an Angel Through you, I was blessed by the Heavens An answered prayer of way back Just when I thought it was over My precious gift from Above, you showed up Filled with your bright smile and loads of fun You make me so fine Oh, what a privilege in life To be given such a sense of pride As I call you my child While you chose to be mine You are so kind You bring me hope every time I could go through heavy tides With you by my side I always rise You help me make long strides I cannot drown, not even once You give me a better chance To become a daring Mom I have peace, even in the storm Because you teach me to stay strong So glad you came along Never let me all alone What an honour to be your Mother! My perfect match Such a great catch! My very best friend Will you lend me a hand To walk beside you on this land? You are all I ever need And I am so grateful for you”
“At the age of 52, I had been abducted at least four times in my life and I had foiled the abductions every time!”
“The busier you are, the busier you become.”
“I think those who think they can understand God, are the real sinners, not against God, but against themselves, they are prideful, ignorant and delusional if they think they can understand the entity or whatever it is, that is playing the piano of space and time.”
“I've walked their streets and they've walked mine, yet we’re separated by a wall of time.”
“The purpose of art is to stop time.”
“A vague and voiceless yearning filled her, to take these days and force them to solid rich tangible form, to hammer at this foolishness of time and make it into…into…”
“ tiempo al tiempo, que suele dar dulce salida a muchas amargas dificultades”
“On dit qu'il faut un an pour se remettre d'un chagrin d'amour. On dit aussi des tas d'autres choses dont la banalité finit par émousser la vérité.”
“One year passes, another one comes and the life I had thought was interrupted - its present unconnected to its past - weaves its threads together independently of me. It endures in the vast expanse of time and I pay no attention.”
“Ever since I realised that depression lied about the future I have wanted to write a book about my experience, to tackle depression and anxiety head-on. So this book seeks to do two things. To lessen that stigma, and - the possibly more quixotic ambition to try and actually convince people that the bottom of the valley never provides the clearest view. I wrote this because the oldest clichés remain the truest. Time heals. The tunnel does have light at the end of it, even if we aren't able to see it. And there's a two-for-one offer on clouds and silver linings. Words, just sometimes, can set you free.”
“The past is an interpretation. The future is an illusion. The world does not move through time as if it were a straight line, proceeding from the past to the future. Instead time moves through and within us, in endless spirals. Eternity does not mean infinite time, but simply timelessness. If you want to experience eternal illumination, put the past and the future out of your mind and remain within the moment.”
“There was a stare down between us that seemed to last for a small inﬁnity. Like a lifetime of understanding was being lived in it.”
“Life is a brief candle but love is a craving for time.”
“As much as force surrounding you they will leave you alone in the time of difficulty and hardship.”
“If only life could be lived backward, we'd know the mistakes not to make,' Kylee thought, 'and instead of losing all we knew peck by merciless peck, time would return things to us every day, bringing back everything we didn't yet know we'd lost.”
“We must peel away the bitterness of life from time to time in order to reveal the richer aspects of life.”
“We are on the precipice of time, in the midst of a topological superfluid interplay of luminescent bojum experiences appearing and vanishing.”
“We may still have time to shape the trajectory of a bright future, to sow the future, but time is useless without a clear perception and understanding of the nature of the human being, the self, and the relationship dynamics in human society and life on this planet and in the universe.”
“Work is the only thing useful to occupy thy time wisely.”
“Time passeth swift away; Our life is frail, and we may die to-day.”
“The it can not happen to me only exists in our minds, anything can happen to anyone at anytime.”
“The time we spend here on earth is like a droplet in a pail of eternity. Yet that one droplet affects all the others in that bucket.”
“Entrepreneurs: Your available time is lost and won in pricing and how you get paid (delivery of value). How you deliver value (we already know you will) determines your availability to your family, to yourself, to purpose, and to lifestyle.”
“Anti-Time Management is the gift your family wants most from you this year.”
“Whether you have time for what you love depends more on what you think of yourself than what the world thinks of you.”
“Money is important today… but if you want time… stop managing time and start prioritizing attention”
“Lifestyle. The answers aren’t all in the money you make…it’s in how you operate. Rich dudes with no time don’t love their life. Money and meaning should go together. It’s a choice. When you bide your time for freedom…you get neither.”
“When you value your time, your life will match your values.”
“It takes time and experience to see, hear, and comprehend the lessons that were right in front of us all along. Fortunately, these lessons will sit and wait until we are ready to receive them.”
“ was it some greater and less explicable misplacement in time and space, whereby she had been born too late, too early, or too far away from the haunts of her spirit ever to harmonize with the unbeautiful things of contemporary reality?”
“What is bad today will be good tomorrow, just as what is good today was absurd yesterday. The world changes, people evolve, time transforms, the future breaks with the past in a cyclical and constant dance, until everything is present again.”
“I always perform a real time risk assessment on police officers that are interacting with me.”
“Evangeline was beginning to fear that time was fuelled by emotions and things like dread made it move faster.”
“Instead of time moving like sand slowly pouring through an hourglass, she felt as if the hourglass had cracked open and all the sand was quickly spilling out. She didn't know if it was her fear or if it was something else, but she kept losing moments.”
“Time is a funny thing. Once it's gone, it's gone. But then it passes onto someone else.”
“I've noticed that as I get older, time seems to fly by in hyper-speed. You blink, and a week has passed. blink again, and a year has gone by.”
“A Pekin duckling in a bowl of water is like a small furry sun sponging up spring. As far as I know, that's the best way to measure time.”
“outside the watchmaker shop. It was sandwiched between a deli and a bakery and only time would tell if a condiment store would strap on in its place.”
“Time, said Austerlitz in the observation room in Greenwich, was by far the most artificial of all our inventions, and in being bound to the planet turning on its own axis was no less arbitrary than would be, say, a calculation based on the growth of trees or the duration required for a piece of limestone to disintegrate, quite apart from the fact that the solar day which we take as our guideline does not provide any precise measurement, so that in order to reckon time we have to devise an imaginary, average sun which has an invariable speed of movement and does not incline towards the equator in its orbit.”
“What I'd loved was what money could make happen. Money could buy you things, but more so, buy you time: time to travel, to write, to read, to walk, to have sex.”
“She usually affected by the unworthy words; so she makes such words which can heal her. This time, life taught her the words of character.”
“The greatest killer and healer at the same time, is time.”
“It’s the little things we do for others that mean the most, freeing them up to take care of something else in their lives. You’ve sacrificed your own time and gave it to someone else! Giving a person more time is the most valuable gift of all.”
“The paddle which only keeps you in same place or take you to backwards wastes time.”
“Smart phones and the social media industry is essentially a giant machine for persuading you to make the wrong choices about what to do with your attention, and therefore with your finite life, by getting you to care about things you didn’t want to care about. And you are in far too little control over your attention to decide, as by fiat, that you’re not going to succumb to its temptations.”
“Time heals without a prescription.”
“Things will repeat at that time from the points which you stopped at them.”
“Time heals without prescriptions.”
“To get eight days a week, get up one hour early daily and you’ll have the time worth approx one working day. Use that time for the productive work you always dreamt of.”
“The poorest person is not the one who doesn’t have money but the one who doesn’t have time for loved ones.”
“Make time for your health today before your health robs you of time.”
“When I looked out at the beach, I imagined each grain of sand like a measure of time that I'd been allotted. I could either let them run through my hands or I could stop and pay attention.”
“Don't tell me you believe in ghosts, Finn.' 'Ghosts, not exactly. Traces, yeah. Sort of.' 'Traces?' 'Here's my theory. Everything is energy. We all leave something behind. Now, there's folk who'll swear on their granny's last breath that they've seen a ghost. And I reckon some of them have. Or rather, they've seen traces of a past energy.'   Finn was talking with his hands now, trying to make some sense. 'We think that time moves forward, in a linear fashion. Yeah? But sometimes you get deja vu, or there's some mad coincidence that you can't explain. I think time doesn't move in a linear fashion, but in a spiral, and sometimes there's echoes from the past. And a ghost is just an echo of someone.”
“Time stands still only in the broken watch.”
“You even forget what time it is, when you are doing what you love.”
“Spend carefully; be it your money in investments, be it your time on people.”
“Time doesn't pass. That's just a human myth. Time's all round us, like some kind of jelly. It's just human life that passes.”
“Topoanalysis, then, would be the systematic psychological study of the sites of our intimate lives. In the theater of the past that is constituted by memory, th stage setting maintains the characters in their dominant roles. At times we think we know ourselves in time, when all we know is a sequence of fixations in the spaces of the being's stability - a being who does not want to melt away, and who, even in the past, when he sets out in search of things past, wants time to "suspend" its flight. In its countless alveoli space contains compressed time. That is what space is for.”
“After her husband died, she went away to live with her eldest son, and the round house shared the fate of Sally's. Where it stood is now a ploughed field. The husband's sacrifices, the wife's romance, are as though they had never been - 'melted into air, into thin air.”
“When Laura visited the hamlet just before the war, the roof had fallen in, the yew hedge had run wild and the flowers were gone, excepting one pink rose which was shedding its petals over the ruin. Today, all has gone, and only the limey whiteness of the soil in a corner of a ploughed field is left to show that a cottage once stood there.”
“Out of an expanse of time, you carve a little area—that nobody asked you to carve—and you do "something." 20”
“(Χοσέ Αρκάδιο Σεγούνδομ και μικρός Αουρελιάνο:) Στο απομνωμένο μικρό δωμάτιο, όπου δεν είχε φτάσει ποτέ ο άνεμος της ξηρασίας ούτε η σκόνη ούτε η ζέστη, θυμόταν κι οι δυο τους το αταβιστικό όραμα ενός γέροντα μ' ένα καπέλο σαν φτερά ορνίου, που μιλούσε για τον κόσμο με την πλάτη γυρισμένη στο παράθυρο, πολλά χρόνια πριν γεννηθούν εκείνοι. Είχαν ανακαλύψει κι οι δυο ταυτόχροναπως εκεί μέσα ήταν πάντα Μάρτης και πάντα Δευτέρα και τότε κατάλαβαν πως ο Χοσέ Αρκάδιο Μπουενδία δεν ήταν τόσο τρελός όσο νόμιζε η οικογένεια, αλλά ήταν ο μόνος που διέθετε αρκετή διάυγεια για να διακρίνει την αλήθεια πως ο χρόνος σκό΄νταφτε και πάθαινε ατυχήματα και μπορούσε να κομματιαστεί και ν' αφήσει σ' 'ενα δωμάτιο ένα διαιωνισμένο κομμάτι του.”
“To live is to exist within time. To remember is to negate time.”
“Don't live the priceless for the worthless!”
“At most, You exist for 80/90 years, and you don't exist for ∞ - 80/90 Years. Do you think your existence makes any difference to the period you don't exist? Assuming you were born for a noble and great purpose to do some great things is an idiotic self-consoling assumption. Your existence is worth absolutely nothing.”
“Value and Power of Time, Prayers and Purpose driven consistency are the strong foundation elements of one’s life.”
“If space is the x, y and z planes, time exists at a right angle to all three – moving in a direction we can't see.”
“Time should reveal the truth about the magnitude of the dead and missing in the Florida hurricane Ian disaster.”
“My time in Florida was an education in corporate and government corruption.”
“True friends loves at all times.”
“Florida misleading the world in 2022 was the second time I had witnessed them engage in this undesirable behavior.”
“Some of my worst memories are from the time I worked in Florida.”
“By the time I left Florida, I had no faith in its systems of worker protection.”
“I regarded the media as corrupt by the time I left Florida.”
“During my time in Florida, I got used to the smell of overheating electrical equipment.”
“The hurricane Ian disaster brought back horrible memories of my time working in Florida.”
“I do not want to be evacuating my home every time a storm comes through!”
“The Desoto Solar Farm was known to be dangerous by the time President Obama opened it.”
“The Desoto Solar Farm had exploding electrical fuse problems by the time President Obama opened it.”
“I requested more staff to help me troubleshoot the dangerous Desoto Solar Farm, but I was a lone worker for the duration of my time there.”
“Time is funny. It seems to move too slowly through the worst times and too quickly through the best.”
“My health significantly degraded during my time at the Desoto Solar Farm.”
“Always listen. It will not pay the time; it will save your relation & future.”
“Illegal none disclosure agreement? Time for a visit to the police and a press release!”
“When your company requires you to dress up in fireproof clothing to do your job, it is time to switch careers!”
“Time doesn’t wait for people to change. Change must happen before your time is up!”
“Time doesn’t wait for people to change. Change must happen before your time is up!”
“If God created time & space, he would be beyond Time & space, that means if any religion talks about a judgment day where god's presence is mandatory to judge your deed, is pure stupidity. God would not need to wait for a time till the end of this universe to judge you.”
“The LORD Almighty is our very present helper at all times.”
“President Obama launched the dangerous Desoto Solar Farm to the world at a time we knew there were major technical problems with it!”
“Election season is always a good time to openly discuss government and corporate corruption.”
“By the time I left the electrical utility industry, I had seen levels of incompetence, illegal and dangerous activities that I could never have imagined to be possible!”
“In the blink of an eye, babies appear in carriages, coffins disappear into the ground, wars are won and lost, and children transform, like butterflies, into adults. The Invention of Hugo Selnick (screenplay Hugo)”
“The sun burned every day. It burned Time. The world rushed in a circle and turned on its axis and time was busy burning the years and the people anyway, without any help from him. So if he burnt things with the firemen, and the sun burnt Time, that meant everything burned!”
“Good things take time, Better things take a little longer.”
“What should we all do without the calendar, when we want to put off a disagreeable duty? The admirable arrangements of the solar system, by which our time is measured, always supply us with a term before which it is hardly worth while to set about anything we are disinclined to.”
“More you spend time with your emotions; less you care about who don't care you.”
“No matter the effort or the price, no matter how hard one tries to escape the time or the place, ultimately nobody can escape love - or fate!”
“Everything is Time: Time builds, and Time destroys. Time hurts, and Time heals. God runs and controls Time. All creatures fall under that nature. Escaping from that is impossible.”
“Time is the subjective reality of the object it is pointed towards.”
“Abide with me; fast falls the eventide; The darkness deepens; Lord with me abide. When other helpers fail and comforts flee, Help of the helpless, O abide with me. Swift to its close ebbs out life's little day; Earth's joys grow dim; its glories pass away; Change and decay in all around I see; O Thou who changest not, abide with me.”
“The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences; beyond this they have no legitimacy.”
“  I thought about how the medium of music is time, how if time stopped, a painting would exist unchanged but music would vanish, like a wave without an ocean.”
“Time is always right. If You're Happy.”
“Wishing to get before time and more than efforts is the main cause of miseries.”
“Time is not something to be found, it is something you have to create. Love shows through time.”
“Um," Michael said, “Well… the reason I have become an INSURGENT, as you call it, is because you guys have always been telling us to recreate the past, which has been difficult because history hates me---I’m an African American. Also, although you tried to recreate good things in history---such as Dolly the sheep----it does not seem super beneficial, because you guys are moving BACKWARDS INTO the past, but you are not using past experiences to move FORWARD into the PRESENT in order to perfect the future.”
“And in my boyhood, I have wandered oft a week of days in that Country of Silence, and had my food with me, and slept quietly amid the memories; and gone on again, wrapped about with the quiet of the Everlasting.”
“When a person dies, he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past  All moments past, present, and future, always have existed, always will exist. It is just an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone, it is gone forever. -Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse Five”
“I mean, time may seem boundless and infinite, but the boundlessness and infinity only reinforces the limitations of time, because it shows our limited ability to reach the unlimitedness of time. Because of our mortality and the need for punctuality, we have no other choice but to be limited by time. I am limited by time. I don’t have infinite amounts of time to write this essay, let alone write every essay I want to write in the future, which ultimately can simplify to: “I don’t have infinite amounts of time to live.”
“A good craftsman is one who gives right to his work. When he starts his work, he must focus on it. If he wants to own his craft, he must give it its right of time and effort to gain skills, and with time he works and learns. He is not called a teacher, because he always learns throughout his life”
“Kill time without killing yourself.”
“Good observers steal your actions & try to do something wider in their brain. That’s why real time moments & speechless communication is the form of honest life.”
“We needed to get rid of the belief that we couldn't rest until our work was done. Work is never done.”
“What Is Time and Reality? According to Dr.P.S.Jagadeesh Kumar (Dr.PSJ Kumar); 4D TIME DEFINITION: --------------------------- "Time Is Considered To Be The Fourth Dimension Of Reality Because Time Varies From Place To Place And Reality Varies From Time To Time”
“By the time the final death toll is known for Hurricane Ian, it may be higher than 9-11.”
“I do not waste my time interacting with corrupt government agencies.”
“There are three factors that influence the human experience through this journey called Life. Time. Divinity. Grace. While your time on the planet is always subject to surprises and upheavals, divinity and grace are freely, constantly, available. And the best way to deal with the inscrutable and unpredictable nature of time is to embrace the constants, divinity and grace. That’s how you learn to flow with Life – without resisting what is, with equanimity.”
“I had spent a lot of time in Lee County and Fort Myers.”
“I spent a lot of time in Arcadia when I worked there in 2009.”
“I have been through a brain scanner three times and was told every time I have a good looking brain!”
“It is only a matter of time before we have category 6 hurricanes.”
“Time is fluid, like the wide sky that fades into bright orange in a sunset in The Ozarks. Here on my duck farm, every moment is meant to be sipped and savored like a slow mimosa.”
“Better thorns than flowers -- for flowers fade.”
“All of these memories, big and small, were equal in only one--but one very significant--way. They all belonged to the past, they were invisible matter, they could leave no trace or mark on the present. Only life in the moment could do that--only this second in the hour--only this one fraction of time that was gone before you could even complete the thought. It was all both that ephemeral, and that infinitely reliable.”
“The reason people do not want to see or address problems is because it often takes time and effort to fix them and most of us are lazy.”
“You're only who you think you are until you aren't anymore. And it isn't up to you. It's up to time. Life is timing. The test of time. We all have to take it, and none of us pass. No matter how hard you study. Perfect attendance. All that homework. Extracurricular activities. You're still getting an F, just like everyone else. Finite. Failed. Fucked.”
“How you spend your time is how you show your love.”
“Who would call a day spent reading a good day? But a life spent reading—that is a good life.”
“She had seen the faces of shattered dreams, the zippy Ziegfeld girls, the doll-faced divorcées, the wellborn wives in opulent ivory towers, knocked down and knocked right out.”
“At first glance her beauty was striking—fresh-faced and delicate with large eyes, her little black dress cinched at the waist, her hair pinned in a chignon. At second glance, her deep, intelligent eyes were entrancing, still vivid on newspapers yellowed from light and air and lined with age that Fate didn’t offer to her.”
“Killing is bad even if that is time!”
“Brytyjskie i nowozelandzkie gazety znów piszą o legendarnych potomkach buntowników z Bounty. I o tym, że nastało nowe. Bo w zachodnim sposobie myślenia ważne jest nowe. Człowiek bombardowany jest przekazem, że nowe jest lepsze. Ogląda wiadomości, czyta depesze: powołano nowy rząd, nowy przywódca szansą na ład. Ten, kto wprowadza nowe, zyskuje czas. Krytyczny umysł tępieje, człowiek nie wierzy w wyższość nowego, ale nie może z nim dyskutować, podważyć go. Więc czeka, aż nowe zawiedzie.”
“It is time to end the willful incompetence regarding altitude sickness and shift work disorder in professional astronomy.”
“During my time in professional astronomy, I became aware of many unusual deaths that had not been present in other fields I had worked in.”
“Refuse to waste time trying to convince yourself that you don't have time, when you could be using that time to actually 'do' it.”
“Time. That was always the problem, wasn’t it? Running out of it. Having too much of it. Waiting for it. Cursing it. Enduring it. Surviving it. Time was the fucking enemy. All he needed was more time.”
“I have never asked anyone including my loved ones to hold back or not Hurting me intentionally or unintentionally. It's ok because Time says it all. (GMT-7) - /•|•\ T∆Nv€€π \•|•/”
“And in a moment of pure magic, our lips touched tenderly and sensitively. Then time, space, and meteors paused ”
“Loss of hard earned money & time are that precious lessons in your life which can make you emotionless apart from your hard work. This is the biggest loss of your entire life where you can't see the love & kindness in the world.”
“People always speak of Father Time without knowing how wrong they’ve gotten it. It’s fascinating how often people muck up the gender of things.”
“I feel an affinity with the Shard, even though it is a symbol of the wealth and status I am so far removed from. It was just an idea when I first arrived there and it grew up in the city at the same rate I did. I like that I can remember a time when it did not exist. It is proof that time is moving forward, especially during those days when I am sliding backwards.”
“At first, I thought that reluctance to relinquish the past was a refusal to acknowledge the passing of time. Now I understand it more as a symbol of temporality and a reminder that there are layers of lived experience criss-crossing the surfaces of our lives, invisible to us. There is room for everything here. There are traces of the past in the present and there is space for the future, too.”
“We live here. We lie in the Present's unopened Sorrow; its limits are what we are. The prisoner ought never to pardon his cell.”
“Às vezes, o tempo só piora tudo.”
“As much as I am afraid of time, I am obsessed with it too.”
“Time How I long for yesterday. How I appreciate today. How I look forward for tomorrow. Without you, There will not be me. Without you, There is no chance for me. Without you, There is no more hope for me. You have given me memories of the past. You have given me opportunities to live now. You have given me dreams to live for tomorrow.”
“He wished he could go back. But unfortunately, he knew it to be an impossibility—that time could only travel forward and the simplicity of his childhood would remain lost to the past.”
“Every human behavior shifts according to time; just check in the end what is remained eternal? You'll get the answer: only LOVE.”
“Broken trust, time and value is a tragic combination. You can’t repair the broken trust after timeout where you haven’t seen value.”
“A mind at rest is a wasted mind.”
“La vita è tempismo.”
“An entire year has passed. Time is important. This I know now. As in, how much time has to pass for a forgetting to occur.”
“She had plenty of leisure now, day in, day out, to survey her life as a tract of country traversed, and at last become a landscape instead of separate fields or separate years and days, so that it became a unity and she could see the whole view, and could even pick out a particular field and wander round it again in spirit, though seeing it all the while as it were from a height, fallen in its proper place, with the exact pattern drawn round it by the hedge, and the next field into which the gap in the hedge would lead. So, she thought, could she at last put circles on her life. Slowly she crossed that day, as one crosses a field by a little path through the grasses, with the sorrel and the buttercups waving on either side; she crossed it again slowly, from breakfast to bed-time, and each hour, as one hand of the clock passed over the other, regained for her its separate character: this was the hour, she thought, when I first came downstairs that day, swinging my hat by its ribbons; this was the hour when he persuaded me into the garden, and sat with me on the seat beside the lake, and told me it was not true that with one blow of its wing a swan could break the leg of a man.”
“We remembered Cassandra telling us that we would invert the order of things: time would turn inside out around us like a portrait swallowing its own frame.”
“In English, plurality and timing matter. You cannot talk about an action, without also talking about when it happened, the past, present, or future, can define an entire experience. This is the hardest part. It is not enough to say that someone gives you something, the old woman tells me, you have to express when. Everything is rooted in time. Say give, say gives, say given, say gave. Give, gives, given, gave. I want to ask her why. Why is it so important in English and not in Chinese. What difference does the question of time make? The Chinese character for time, Shijian, is made with the charter of sun to represent the four seasons.”
“Master Wong told me that in ancient China, time was kept according to the position of the sun in the sky. Inherent in this character is the understanding that time is circular, that no matter how much the sun moves, it will always come back around again. In English time is spelled with four letters. A finite thing made of finite letters. Maybe this is the difference, I think, for those that speak English, there is a limit to time. That is why it is so important to differentiate between past, present and future. When I know this, I also know I will be able to write time perfectly for the rest of my life in both languages. This is how I begin to understand English.”
“There are wounds of time and there are wounds of person, Misafir. Sometimes people come through their wounds, but time does not. Sometimes it's the other way around. Sometimes the wounds are so grievous, there's no coming through them at all.”
“ Sweetly the summer air came up to the tumulus, the grass sighed softly, the butterflies went by, sometimes alighting on the green dome. Two thousand years! Summer after summer the blue butterflies had visited the mound, the thyme had flowered, the wind sighed in the grass. The azure morning had spread its arms over the low tomb; and full glowing noon burned on it; the purple of sunset rosied the sward. Stars, ruddy in the vapour of the southern horizon, beamed at midnight through the mystic summer night, which is dusky and yet full of light. White mists swept up and hid it; dews rested on the turf; tender harebells drooped; the wings of the finches fanned the air—finches whose colours faded from the wings how many centuries ago! Brown autumn dwelt in the woods beneath; the rime of winter whitened the beech clump on the ridge; again the buds came on the wind-blown hawthorn bushes, and in the evening the broad constellation of Orion covered the east. Two thousand times! Two thousand times the woods grew green, and ring-doves built their nests. Day and night for two thousand years—light and shadow sweeping over the mound—two thousand years of labour by day and slumber by night. Mystery gleaming in the stars, pouring down in the sunshine, speaking in the night, the wonder of the sun and of far space, for twenty centuries round about this low and green-grown dome. Yet all that mystery and wonder is as nothing to the Thought that lies therein, to the spirit that I feel so close. ”
“When the Sunrise clutches my soul, I often wonder what if our souls are made in grayscale, only to soak in the colours of the day, every single day walking through every single moment of each passing day. What if every ray that paints the horizon is but a bunch of souls ornate in different shades of white only to find the different shades of black to melt away in a Sunset Sky, in a Smile of embracing a day anew or in a mellow cry of a day's passing by. Perhaps the Dawn has the answer, or perhaps there's a whisper in the Dusk! All while, let me search away for the pieces of my soul in the grayscale of Time's hue. And I know, Life will put the colours back again, one more time, at Time's cue. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“You only have so much time to read. You could read all day, every day, and you would never come close to reading all the books and articles that are out there, so make sure what you read is worthwhile.”
“Ah, the faint grain of sand, the merciless hound at our heels, the spoke of the season's wheel”
“But what if all that isn’t true?” the girl who was at that moment behind his back was to say to him two years later; an enormous span of time—Bruno thought—because it was not measured in months or even in years, but rather, as is peculiar to this class of beings, in spiritual catastrophes and days of utter loneliness and inexpressible sadness; days that lengthen and become distorted, like shadowy phantoms on the walls of time.”
“the concept of eternity must not be grasped as if it were suspended time, or in any case not in the sense that eternity would come after time, for this would turn eternity into the future, in other words into a moment of time. And the concept of eternity must also not be understood in the sense of a negation of time, so that it would be merely an abstraction of time. For time in its concept is, like the concept itself generally, eternal, and therefore also absolute presence.”
“ I realised it wasn't possible to take back the whole seeing ghosts conversation. Turning back time wasn't an option. Even Cher didn't manage that in the end.”
“Truth can set us free, but sometimes knowing the truth can create more storms.”
“But for this moment there is no other. Spend it well!”
“Time is the most precious of all resources. It cannot be stored or saved. It cannot be bought or sold. Each precious moment must be used to its fullest or its value is lost forever.”
“We all have limited time on this planet”
“Didn’t know I was broken, until I wanted to change.”
“but it is not what one does so much as the way that while one does it time runs past forever.”
“There was a timelessness here, and yet a sense of time greater than any before, that could only be found in a lighthouse.”
“time, often the unpredictable wizard that rolls the dice for us and death, there, like a panther in the shadows, discrete yet alert”
“Distance means nothing when your loved one means everything”
“Music is time domesticated, reproducible time, time shaped.”
“There has never been a more important time in history to be an environmental radiation researcher.”
“Most of our time is spent waiting. A Ranger's best asset is patience.”
“I am suffocated by my own being just as much as I am grateful for it. I love everything in this way: in such a way that I cannot bear it. I know what it is to love something so much that every moment is something both loved and lost.”
“I have started to spend my Fridays playing tennis with a boy from my class, and he said we would only do it as long as the weather permitted. I have started looking forward to Fridays. It is getting colder everyday, this is the worst part of living in New England: how quickly the seasons change.”
“I have started to spend my Fridays playing tennis with a boy from my class, and he said we would only do it as long as the weather permitted. I have started looking forward to Fridays. It is getting colder everyday, this is the worst part of living in New England: how quickly the seasons change. But what a joy it is to have something, anything, just for a little while. What a privilege it is to hold something so precious, so small, so unspoken, and to wince when you have to let go. What a treat to have so much life grace these fingertips, to love so much that I now know such loss. What a curse to have it all move so quickly, to have it be out of reach so fast.”
“We forget that the days we are just getting through add up, and that history does not feel like history to those in the middle of it.”
“Worship time. The wheel of time is constantly moving. And as the wheel turns, everything, and everyone, changes.”
“This is what time travel is. It’s looking at a person, and seeing them in the present and the past, concurrently. And that mode of transport only worked with those one had known a significant time.”
“Time was mathematically explicable; it was the heart—the part of the brain represented by the heart—that was the mystery.”
“This is not an easy time But tell me—tell me here, with all we know upended: What has real meaning and value for you? Right now? What is worth your time and love, your self-investment, No matter what the morrow brings?”
“How many times have you made a point of forgetting that person you promised to love forever?”
“Paying someone to do something on our behalf is the closest we can get to buying time.”
“Is your integrity the highest bidder?”
“Whenever I see someone reading a book, especially if it is someone I don’t expect, I feel civilisation has become a little safer”
“Time is an illusion. Sensations are an illusion. Reality, for the most part, is an illusion. The illusion is, perhaps, the most concrete and substantial thing in our existence.”
“This generation was richer only in illusions; in every other way it was similar to any other. It had the feeling of both lighting the fires of a new civilization and extinguishing the last flickers of another. Everything appeared as an exciting new game on that ancient bridge, which shone in the moonlight of those July nights, clean, young and unalterable, strong and lovely in its perfection, stronger than all that time might bring and man imagine or do.”
“We leave so much in time behind us. Old worlds, glasses full of whiskey & wine & memories. As children we dreamed of being, becoming. In this twilight we merely dream and sometimes wish for the magnificence of lost moments & days. How could it be that we once lived through these times and never realized that these were the sacred days of magic? Now all we have left are songs & photographs wherein our present being attempts to discover it's own rebirth. Therefore, 'to be' is the only answer.”
“What if every dream you ever dreamt was a part of a dream that you're living? To my Smiling Soul, If there is one thing I have learnt over Time that stands solid and can pass the test of Time in every Universe then that is the Strength of our Soul when we live through the Smile of our Heart. It doesn't matter, how much time goes by, how many detours or losses fell on your path, as long as you stand your ground, as long as you don't let regret or failure to get the better of you, you win, you walk with slow but steady steps knowing there is someone watching over you, holding onto integrity and grace. You remember to bury your pain, your loss, your sorrow and plant a seed of Love instead with a Hope that someday, Somewhere in some corner of this Universe you will find your due, something that only He alone can give you, something that is yours, entirely yours. Until then, keep reminding the world that a Unicorn doesn't need to be a lion or a wolf in the wilderness of Life. - your Smiling Dream To every Dreamer, keep weaving that halo of dream for you never know where you might end up in the Smile of Time, because Life knows exactly the Dream that Life weaves around us. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“I'm not separate from this world, nor is this world separate from me; time had not taken hold of me yet and distances are nothing but ripples on the water”
“Those who attempt to go ahead of time might fall behind the times.”
“Time has no present or future; it is always in the past.”
“From stone to sand and sand to silt, what grows today will one day wilt.”
“Time is distance, and when it is suspended, we are no longer in the world but a part of the world.”
“I'm 26," she said, as if it were bad news she had received only recently. "It isn't the age I feel like." "What age do you feel like?" "Nineteen, like you." But to me, 19 still felt old and somehow alien to who I was. It occurred to me that it might take more than a year, maybe as many as seven years, to learn to feel 19.”
“I have never respected chronological order. It has never existed for me.”
“The present moment is the entirety of reality.”
“The passage of time is as real as the movement of an animated object.”
“Time is a slow determinant”
“Ideas are dying.. Inspirations come and go.. But only actions can bring forth reActions!”
“I was afraid of my future until I realized I was the one creating that future.”
“The essence of sharing knowledge is to keep a tool ready so that whoever is ready can pick it up and continue from where one stopped.”
“If time eats the doughnut, does love eat the hole?”
“Don't waste your time to create great memories, we all are made to live the current moments.”
“Sungguh nyata; melewati satu detik ketika bersamamu seolah lebih dari seratus tahun bahagia di sisimu. Dan melewati satu detik ketika tanpamu, seolah lebih dari seratus tahun kehilanganmu. Nyatanya, semua lebih dari satu detik bersamamu dan tanpamu.”
“How to kill time is a question for those who waste it.”
“We can change the world, but we can't change ourselves ”
“Help me see through the dark.”
“Time is a chameleon. It's ever changing, cannily adapting to circumstances. It stretches out some tiny moments for an eternity. Then it shifts course and swallows up whole days, years even, as if they never existed. It's as slippery and elusive as water running through the cracks in a tightly cupped hand.”
“I'm trapped by the concept of the present, by the idea that time is moving forward and I'm witnessing it.”
“I’m writing long letters to God For bringing the light in my heart While waltzing the shadows of mind Alone on the square of my time.”
“We only have moments, but moments bring us to timelessness.”
“In competitive swimming, you increase your time in the pool to decrease your time in the pool, and that seems like a complete waste of time to me. Why not buy a duck from me and let it do all your swimming?”
“BearPaw Duck Farm tours are no longer at 4:00. Tours are now at 3:60, like a circle, which gives us more time to get around.”
“Patience, among other things, also means to appreciate the time we have and to create the time we don’t have.”
“time is timeless.”
“There’s nothing much better than now.”
“I work 72 hours a day, everyone can do it.”
“I told mom, even if there was a million worlds I will always choose you to be my mom.”
“What goes on inside us during these nights, as we lie there on our backs, drifting downstream through time and listening for the far-off roar of the mighty waterfall that one day is going to engulf us? We know that miracles don't happen, that no one to date has ever escaped the waterfall, and that we are separated from those who have already reached it by only a tiny little span of time. One day - three years, ten years, twenty years. Sometimes it doesn't seem so terrible. I need to make no effort, don't even need to move my hands in the black water; it carries me along with it of its own accord. A gentle dizziness comes over me, and I know for certain: this one goal I will reach, even if I should fail all others. Probably because it is a goal I never set myself.”
“Guard your time as if it is sacred, because it is.”
“Time can be bought only figuratively.”
“What is happening is both reality and reality in the making.”
“Time How I long for yesterday How I appreciate today How I look forward for tomorrow Without you, There will not be me. Without you, There is no chance for me. Without you, There is no more hope for me. You have given me memories of the past. You have given me opportunities to live now. You have given me dreams to live tomorrow.”
“Time is what keeps man imprisoned away from his future.”
“It’s irrational to think that a cake baked without sugar will come out of the oven tasting sweet. In life and business, bake your values in from the start. Value your time, don't time your values.”
“If you want freedom of time, bake freedom of time into the process from the start.”
“The fact is, too many people think they’ll be able to sacrifice their time now to get more later (time doesn’t work that way) only to find out that the systems they cemented over the years won’t allow them to leave without things falling apart.”
“Prioritizing time is a way to prioritize what you love.”
“They supposed that, even if they melted down all the calendars and smashed all the clocks, one minute would daftly follow another until some final cure were found for the malady of Time.”
“Flee while there is still time and then stop to catch your last breath.”
“The most precious gift that God has given to us as a family, aside from love, is TIME. It's not perfect, but with them, it's worth it. ”
“Being in a hurry gives us the illusion of doubling the length of every second.”
“Some inventions change or die; even institutions die; but the clock is definite and perpetual. The last man on earth, as he bids farewell to the cold, dead sun, is sure to have a watch in his pocket, so as to know the exact hour of his death.”
“The time to be happy is now. Time and life don't wait!”
“Some of the science literature on entropy erroneously assumes that, as one goes forward in time, one moves from order to disorder. Naturally this is erroneous for the simple reason that there is no such thing as disorder; there is only complexity within simplicity.”
“I dont suppose anybody ever deliberately listens to a watch or a clock. You dont have to. You can be oblivious to the sound for a long while, then in a second of ticking it can create in the mind unbroken the long diminishing parade of time you didn’t hear.”
“Time does not heal, It makes a half-stitched scar That can be broken and again you feel Grief as total as in its first hour”
“Time flies, it's true. But what kind of wings does it have, butterfly wings, bat wings, or eagle wings? None. It has the wings of a duck, which is why I'm surprised nobody in history has noticed that time also swims.”
“Duck farming has taught me that my day-to-day thinking changes in a gradient that's subtle and unnoticeable when observed in 24-hour blocks, but becomes obvious when seen in longer time frames. In the past two years I've changed from pink to blue, but it was all purple to me.”
“I just talked to an old duck farmer who told me he remembers me from when I was three months old. I replied, “Oh, I recall that. That was June of ’82. I told you the stock market would crash in five years, around October, and you scoffed and called me a pessimist.”
“The whole future–I thought–will be that way, life lives together with the damp odor of the land of the dead, attention with inattention, passionate leaps of the heart along with abrupt losses of meaning. But it won’t be worse that the past.”
“Time flies and flies time. I know, because I sold them a tiny stopwatch. They love to race. But they aren't quite fast enough to avoid being snacks for my ducks.”
“Why can't you free him?' 'Because he thinks my memories are his key to freedom. He thinks I am building our future out of our past.' 'Isn't that always the way of it, Leto?' 'No, dear Hwi.' 'Then how is it?' 'Most believe that a satisfactory future requires a return to an idealized past, a past which never in fact existed.”
“Time would tell how much he would remember, if anything at all. She hoped to high heaven that it was the latter.”
“Beginnings commence the sure end.”
“These days long lost too late. We see the changes for the best or worst. Hold onto memory wrapped up like a blanket around us. Live without fear. Do not let the sun set one day without showing or experiencing true gratitude or love. Do not walk in the shadows of the past.”
“But here's the thing: you already have a terminal diagnosis--we all do every person is born with a death sentence; each second that passes by is one you'll never get back.”
“There's no substitute for time in solving many problems,' Leto said. 'However, you can place too much reliance on it. I can accept no more delays.”
“Moneo is trapped. He has learned that it is difficult to live in the present, pointless to live in the future and impossible to live in the past.”
“You think that in a world without birds, men would not invent aircraft! What a fool you are! Men can invent anything!”
“Seconds passed. If there’d been an old clock in here, its ticks would have sounded slow and menacing.”
“We often delay and sometimes even abandon the commencement of things entirely, primary because of the foreseeable end we have in mind.”
“Time dulls the most exquisite emotions and softens the most heart-rending grief;”
“He knows our time. He knows our weakness and where our breaking point is. Jesus never said it would be easy. He did say we would have trials and tribulations and that the pain we bore would be great.”
“Time is the result of One not wanting to be alone.”
“It could be said that 'time is the result of self not wanting to be by itself'. That is to say. 'Time is the result of self wanting to experience itself as self differentiated for companionship i.e. love'.”
“Fate rushes down upon us! The time drags and the days plod past, lulling us into thinking that the doom we fear will always so delay. Then, abruptly, the dark days we have all predicted are upon us, and the time when we could have turned dire fate aside has passed. How old must I be before I learn? There is no time; there is never any time. Tomorrow may never come, but todays are inexorably linked in a chain, and now is always the only time we have to divert disaster.”
“Time is our friend in trouble,” she said, “because it tells us that the sorrow cannot last for ever.”
“A seed blown on the wind could be tomorrow's willow tree.”
“In all of my universe I have seen no law of nature, unchanging and inexorable. This universe presents only changing relationships which are sometimes seen as laws by short-lived awareness. These fleshly sensoria which we call self are ephemera withering in the blaze of infinity, fleetingly aware of temporary conditions which confine our activities and change as our activities change. If you must label the absolute, use it's proper name: Temporary.”
“IF.' 'If you had only . . . If we had but. . .' He wanted to shout them into silence. 'Only fools prefer the past!”
“Time always moves forward but it is only when you have something to look forward to, life moves forward.”
“Time does not diminish friendships; it just beautifies it.”
“I will find out where she has gone, And kiss her lips and take her hands; And walk among long dappled grass, And pluck till time and times are done The silver apples of the moon The golden apples of the sun.”
“There was never sufficient time for restorative sleep during the really long winter astronomy night shifts.”
“When we understand the fragility of life, we live consciously. People generally live as if they have all the time in the world. They don’t. They have the time of one lifetime, however long that will be. It’s not a lot. We don’t have enough time to procrastinate and waste large chunks of our lives. It is a valuable offering when we give our attention and love to anything in life. What we spend our time on will determine the course of our life. If we know that we are here for a short time, our choices will become more meaningful and satisfying. We don’t have to be told to be brave and follow our inner leanings when we are aware of our limited time. Who cares what other people think of us when we are busy living a brief life to the best of our ability? We will want to use it every day to better ourselves and the world we live in. ”
“The aging chose the years of their youth, yet the young, who were not even born then, would have to live in those years. There was a certain injustice in that - choosing the time the next generation would live in. As happens in all elections, actually.”
“Nobody has enough money to buy time.”
“From measuring my life in terms of milestones, I now tried to measure it in moments—those small pockets of time that float with great radiance even though they are embedded in the minutiae of life.”
“Here, time was his, and space was his, and every door could be shut, every window locked. He would stand before the tiny hallway closet—an alcove, really, over which they had strung a length of burlap—and admire the stores within it.”
“The hot sun struck the backs of their close-shaven necks. It was a peaceful, uneventful, glorious Sunday afternoon. Yet, Kiyoaki remained convinced that at the bottom of this world, which was like a leather bag filled with water, there was a little hole, and it seemed to him that he could hear time leaking from it, drop by drop.”
“Time speaks for itself”
“One day we are looking at the Magnum photograph of Sophia Loren at the Christian Dior show in Paris in 1968 and thinking yes, it could be me, I could wear that dress, I was in Paris that year; a blink of the eye later we are in one or another doctor's office being told what has already gone wrong, why we will never again wear the red suede sandals with the four-inch heels, never again wear the gold hoop earrings, the enameled beads, never now wear the dress Sophia Loren is wearing.”
“It ended a few feet from where he sat. The sea, broad and vast, with all its mighty force, ended right there before his eyes. Be it the edge of time or space, there is nothing so awe-inspiring as a border. To be here at this place with his three companions, at this marvellous border between land and sea, struck him as being very similar to being alive as one age ending and another beginning, like being part of a great moment in history. And then too the tide of their own era, in which he and Kiyoaki lived, also had to have an appointed time and ebb, a shore on which to break, a limit beyond which it could not go. The sea ended right there before his eyes. As he watched the final surge of each wave as it drained into the sand, the final thrust of mighty power that had come down the countless centuries, he was struck by the pathos of it all. At that very point, a grand pan-oceanic enterprise that spanned the world went awry and ended in annihilation.”
“There is no logical sense of holding onto someone or something whose time together has passed; spare yourself the heartbreak and simply let go, and move on.”
“Undeniably, a worthwhile exercise to pursue is by spending time to extract positives from any situation, immaterial of how dire things may seem in the present.”
“Neither yesterday nor tomorrow holds the key to our future. We have to act today, in this very present moment, to design our destiny.”
“experience is long, but life is short”
“Ο χρόνος σ΄ένα μοναστήρι περνά με ανησυχητική ταχύτητα. Εκτός από τις μεγάλες γιορτές της Εκκλησίας, δεν υπάρχουν άλλα ορόσημα που να τον χωρίζουν πέραν του κύκλου των εποχών. Και διαπίστωσα ότι οι μέρες, και σύντομα οι εβδομάδες, περνούσαν σχεδόν απαρατήρητες. Η ταχύτητα της παρέλευσης του χρόνου είναι ένα φαινόμενο που το προσέχει κάθε μοναχός: έξι μήνες, ένα χρόνος, δεκαπέντε χρόνια, μια ζωή, σύντομα τελειώνουν.”
“What I liked so much was their freedom from the constraint on time,” he says. “When I went back to Morocco it occurred to me that [in the United States] we don’t have this wonderful calm. They are daydreaming, what we would call in the west, ‘wasting time.’ (From 2004 in berkeleydailyplanet)”
“I’m old school, I still cry for love.”
“It is far better to say nothing than to utter a thousand words that say the same thing that silence would have said. For in the end, you will have saved a ton of time and a whole lot of credibility.”
“Pleasure gives freezing of the brain.”
“Ο χρόνος δουλεύει στο εσωτερικό του ανθρώπινου νου. Έξω απ' αυτόν δεν υπάρχει.”
“Οι άνθρωποι - που από μόνοι τους αποτελούν μια διαδικασία εξέλιξης - φοβούνται όλα όσα είναι αεικίνητα και συνεχώς μεταβαλλόμενα, επειδή επινόησαν κάτι που δεν υπάρχει - το αμετάβλητο, αποφασίζοντας πως τέλειο είναι το αιώνιο, αυτό που δεν αλλάζει. Προσέδωσαν λοιπόν στον Θεό την ιδιότητα του αμετάβλητου. και έτσι έχασαν την ικανότητα κατανόησης του.”
“Merk dies allein: nicht eine einzige Stunde kommt zweimal im Leben, Nicht ein Wort, nicht eines Blickes Ungreifbares Nichts ist je Ungeschehn zu machen, was Du getan hast, mußt du tragen, So das Lächeln wie den Mord!”
“Stuck between the most confused, and least ignorant. You’d think that’d be a contradiction, yet here I am, living this way despite your preconceived notion of that kind of an oxymoron. I live in defiance of what you think – and it is torture.”
“Spend time ‘on’ dreams, not ‘in’.”
“Time has a bad habit. It's slow when you want it to move fast and fast when you want it to move slow. It is a no respecter of condition. It does what it does best; keeps moving.”
“as a general rule, women nowadays dedicate all their energy, all their attention to their appearance; they are not concerned with anything except wearing the latest fashion; they squander all their intelligence in trying to become more beautiful, and not even in any practical way, by some beneficial and hygienic method, like practicing gymnastics, exercising in the fresh air, or swimming every morning. But no, it must be done with ribbons and lace, by cutting their breath short from the excessive use of tight-fitting corsets. And this translates to a waste of time, health, and money.”
“Time is the running momentum, love is the flowing of emotion, in which both are correlated. In every beat of your heart and impulses of the brain, life evolved thru a cycle. The time framed the life, and be fulfilled by love. And love gives life to all creations, in a period of time.”
“O tempo que passa e vai faz a normalidade regressar à vida. E a recordação da tempestade foi-se esvanecendo.”
“Time is the running momentum, love is the flowing of emotion, in which both are correlated. In every beat of your heart and impulses of the brain, life evolved thru a cycle. The time framed the life, and fulfilled by love. Love gives life to all creations, in a period of time.”
“Many people that come to Tucson develop allergies after living there for a prolonged period of time.”
“I have shown a beneficial health response to lipoic acid every time I have taken it.”
“If your doctors are in the habit of prescribing drugs that are doing you no good, then it is time to change your doctors.”
“[They] turn their faces upward, and from the abyss of the Prague streets gaze at the strip of sky overhead, at the clouds, to see what time it really was, according to nature and not by the clock.”
“Clocks are everywhere if you know how to recognize them. A dandelion is a clock, obviously. Rice pouring into a bowl is a clock, each grain marking the passage of time. A school assignment, an apple as it withers, a tree waiting for spring. Each of these things measures living moments, what remains before death. Tick, tock.”
“Greed can take the whole of our intelligence and render it ‘stupid’ in a far, far shorter period of time than it took for our intelligence to become intelligent.”
“there is also some deeper fear: the terror of time passing, and me with it.”
“How to survive when you're asked to do the impossible? Buy Time!”
“The truth has a divine voice and it speaks louder than any other voice. The truth will defend itself at the right time. Watch and see the truth coming out.”
“We cannot really save time. We can merely avoid wasting it.”
“When you look back do you see yourself or a Mirage of your Self?”
“It all came together and became a single thing in his mind. After a long time of floating on the land and a short time floating in the river he knew why he must never burn again in his life. The sun burned every day. It burned time. The world rushed in a circle and turned on its axis and time was busy burning the years and the people anyway, without any help from him. So if he burned things with the firemen and the sun burned Time, that meant that everything burned! One of them had to stop burning. The sun wouldn't, certainly.”
“Without value, any activity is simply a means of passing time that has no beneficial or useful purpose whatsoever.”
“My violin connects my present and my past, my dreams and my reality. My fingers move nimbly over the strings, my mind forgetting all I’ve lost or forgotten. There is only the music that is my constant companion. Nothing but the music. Not Stuart. Not Max. Not now. Not the past, either.”
“The Spaniards are good at many things, but not at making war. All foreigners alike are appalled by their inefficiency, above all their maddening unpunctuality. The one Spanish word that no foreigner can avoid learning is mañana — ‘tomorrow’ (literally, ‘the morning’). Whenever it is conceivably possible, the business of today is put off until mañana. This is so notorious that even the Spaniards themselves make jokes about it. In Spain nothing, from a meal to a battle, ever happens at the appointed time. As a general rule things happen too late, but just occasionally — just so that you shan't even be able to depend on their happening late — they happen too early. A train which is due to leave at eight will normally leave at any time between nine and ten, but perhaps once a week, thanks to some private whim of the engine-driver, it leaves at half past seven. Such things can be a little trying. In theory I rather admire the Spaniards for not sharing our Northern time-neurosis; but unfortunately I share it myself.”
“The pulse of intention does not move so that one Can see it, and moral machinery is not labelled, but The future of time is determined by the power of volition.”
“And as I stood there in the whipping wind and rain, I wondered if indeed it was that simple, if time was so free with memory, so generous with pardons, that writing well could come to stand in the place of an ethical life.”
“We are confined to the present, but this moment we're living now has, for all of history, been the future. And now, forever more, it will be past.”
“It doesn't matter how fast you can run when your time has run out.”
“All these prelapsarian significances came later, though, because life is lived in one direction and understood in the other.”
“Be mindful of what takes your time, as it will raze or raise your dreams.”
“Ar face orice să-l aducă înapoi pe Silas, oferind până și timpul pe care s-ar putea să nu-l aibă.”
“We are hurried, not by what is happening, but by what we are desiring.”
“Costs come mostly in the form of irreplaceable time.”
“Life has a cost of time, that is constantly in motion and passing by at an incredible speed.”
“The narrative that can stand the test of time or be dominant is what will have legitimacy as fact but not necessarily the truth.”
“In a crystalline corner of your heart, keep a Smile for the days gone by. To every soul, who is wondering how is Life passing by, and somehow feel suffocated in a long lost world of words and thoughts, Remember every flower blooms at its own time. Whatever it is that you wish to accomplish, remember that it takes Time and an immense amount of energy and will power to make that happen. Most people don't even find it conducive to dream, let alone following it. Some settle down with what Life throws at them, while some opt for the lesser options that suit their needs. But the ones, who burn with their dreams, who hold on to that invisible yet palpable string of Faith, eventually always finds what they seek, because the truth is what you're seeking is already yours. Until then, don't mind about the Time, because Time has a way of Smiling back in a garland of moments and memories. And if you're ever faced with a question on losing Time and not settling down (in love or career or anything of Life) like the majority of folk around, remind yourself what you seek, embrace your Soul and walk on to rise in your chosen path. You haven't lost Time, you have just not found your Season yet. Until then, water the root of your Soul with the Sunshine of Kindness & Grace. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“In a crystalline corner of your heart, keep a Smile for the days gone by. To every soul, who is wondering how is Life passing by, and somehow feel suffocated in a long lost world of words and thoughts, Remember every flower blooms at its own time. Whatever it is that you wish to accomplish, remember that it takes Time and an immense amount of energy and will power to make that happen. Most people don't even find it conducive to dream, let alone following it. Some settle down with what Life throws at them, while some opt for the lesser options that suit their needs. But the ones, who burn with their dreams, who hold on to that invisible yet palpable string of Faith, eventually always find what they seek, because the truth is what you're seeking is already yours. Until then, don't mind about the Time, because Time has a way of Smiling back in a garland of moments and memories. And if you're ever faced with a question on losing Time and not settling down (in love or career or anything of Life) like the majority of folk around, remind yourself what you seek, embrace your Soul and walk on to rise in your chosen path. You haven't lost Time, you have just not found your Season yet. Until then, water the root of your Soul with the Sunshine of Kindness & Grace. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“It could be said, abstractly speaking, that the purpose of time is Love, or, to be more precise, that the purpose of Self is Love which is why there is time. Yes, that sounds pretty much correct. Time is correctly so relative as it is based on the founding principle of One* wanting to be in a Relationship; of One not wanting to be alone. It is not good for One to be alone. One's very own purpose Companionship, Friendship, Love. In conclusion. It's all about Love really so Love simply Love. (* Self)”
“Whatever you are experiencing presently is governed by the accumulation of all your thoughts, expectations, and desires that you put in motion up to this point in time.”
“We had both accepted the unwritten rule of arranged marriage: love, if it arrived at all, would bloom with time.”
“Each beat of your heart is marking the passing of time, the passage of your life.”
“Anything that can be conceived in enough detail will come true or can be achieved in its own time.”
“You are only bound and controlled by time if you subject yourself to time's demands, if you are subservient to time then it surely will rule every single aspect of your life.”
“You cannot fell a hill From force of will Only time. You cannot dissipate Hate with righteous hate Only love. Only time, only love, Only time and love.”
“Time management was never designed to give people time, but to control others.”
“Isn’t it strange how – again and again, as if to humiliate themselves – people fool themselves into thinking they can get time back somehow? How time only becomes important once it has passed?”
“Matter, how tiny my share. Time, how brief my allotment. Fate, how small my roll to play. Self, All that can be mastered.”
“To be aware of time is to be anxious.”
“And the night unwound as those days and nights do--those days and nights that hijack time. Those days and nights that hold up the car on its way home and gun down the driver and the passengers and leave the wreckage in the rain. You were moving through your days and nights and then the call came. You were thinking about supper or going to bed. You weren't thinking about death and loss. And now there's a flood and it's dark and you're trying to get there before it's too late but it's already too late because the time where there was enough time is over. You don't know how long it is until morning and in the hospital the hands on the clock crawl round like an insect walking the same pane of glass till it dies.”
“Your relationship served a purpose at the time and just because it no longer exists doesn’t mean it was a waste of time.”
“What will you do, when it is your turn in the field with the god?”
“Time is Everything”
“No lo sé, no sé por qué me hablas así, yo no sabía que eso iba a ocurrir y no fui capaz de pensar, sólo dejé que pasara, al igual que tú.”
“We’ll have our death. But what’ll we do with all this time til then? You want some of mine? I want some of yours.”
“Each day blended into the next, and the day past was blurred into the timelessness of the present.”
“Love shows up by how you spend your time.”
“Life is like a river and time is like its water. If you have little time for yourself, you can't live your life to the fullest.”
“Unemployment was one of the best experiences of my life!”
“I lived in Tucson for fifteen years and was sickly the entire time!”
“What does it cost to lose these weeks, that light, the very nights in the year preferred over all others? Can you evade the dying of the brightness? Or do you evade only its warning? Where are you left if you miss the message the blue nights bring? 'Have you ever had a moment where everything in your life just stopped?' This was the way that this question was raised by Kris Jenkins, a three-hundred-and-sixty-pound Jets defensive tackle, after he tore, six plays into his tenth NFL season, both his meniscus and his anterior cruciate ligament. 'So fast, but in slow motion? Like all your senses shut down? Like you're watching yourself?”
“Time is a human invention, You can slow down or you can speed it up.”
“The sin of knowledge is time.”
“There once was an age when all was naught, though the sands of time did fall. One, after one, each grain did wrought, but no one was there to recall.”
“There once was an age when all was naught, though the sands of time did fall. One, after one, each grain did wrought, but no one was there to recall.”
“After some point, it becomes too late to be early.”
“Steal your own time before others steal it away.”
“A flower clock?" "Yeah. Mum was  is a florist, so I'm using her books on flowers to try to re-create or, well, create Carl Linnaeus's flower clock. He was a guy from the eighteenth century. Basically, each flower in the clock opens at a different time of day." "Its petals open?" "Yeah, so flowers have circadian rhythms," Ben says. He's blushing. "I don't know. Sounds stupid now I'm saying it. And it hasn't actually worked yet either. I thought, though, that with climate change and everything, the flowers will start opening at weird times, so it kind of goes beyond everything with, you know  my mum. It'll be, like, the more we damage the world, the more we damage the clock, and time, and, yeah, the future." "That sounds beautiful, Ben," I say. "Yeah, I don't know. I mean, what am I going to do with it? What's the point of it, really? Will it go in a gallery and then be, like, sold as prints of photographs of it or something? And then the time element of it will be gone." "Hmm." "Sorry," Ben says, and he shakes his head. "I guess I'm in a bit of a crap mood." He looks at me sideways, and nervously laughs to himself. "I mean, I don't know why I just told you all that." I shake my head. "It's fine. So, what flower's time is it now?" I ask. Ben looks at his phone. "Ugh, yeah, so that's the other thing. There actually doesn't seem to be a flower for each hour, which is kind of problematic. But the closest to now is the meadow goat's beard. It opens at three." "Oh, cool," I say. "So right now doesn't exist in flower time?" "Yeah, I guess it doesn't. I've never thought of it like that.”
“It is your strength to endure pain over a long period of time and your subsequent response will lead to success over pain.”
“For her heart, I know that cannot grow old; and while the heart is young, man may laugh Old Time in the face, and dare him to do his worse.”
“Every face has expression of a far more interesting and enduring kind than these momentary disturbances of its form occasioned by laughter or some passing thought, &c. And it must never be forgotten that a portrait is a panel painted to remain for centuries without movement. So that a large amount of the quality of repose must enter into its composition.”
“The COVID-19 pandemic was a great time to be researching hypoxia because so many people were developing Long COVID.”
“Gender issues can affect anyone at any time.”
“Anti-time management is the new time management.”
“The seals are scarce and the whales are almost gone. The spirits of the animals are passing away. Amaroq, Amaroq, you are my adopted father. My feet dance because of you. My eyes see because of you. My mind thinks because of you. And it thinks, on this thundering night, That the hour of the wolf and the Eskimo is over.”
“If from the Past, you have learned At present, you would be less concerned About how the future will be turned.”
“In due time we are born And in time, we are grown The time of distress  followed by times of happiness.”
“She grasps for the ends of this elastic moment, but they disappear into the past and the future.”
“And when you and I talk about history we don't mean what actually happened, do we? The cosmic chaos of everywhere, all time? We mean the tidying up of this into books, the concentration of the benign historical eye upon years and places and persons. History unravels; circumstances, following their natural inclination, prefer to remain ravelled.”
“I just mark days in my teal blue planner. Black ink pouring onto the pages without deep attachment, I think they lied, time is not a medication.”
“When I have fears that I may cease to be Before my pen has glean’d my teeming brain, Before high piled books, in charact’ry, Hold like rich garners the full-ripen’d grain … When I Have Fears that I May Cease to Be ”
“Letters have time, time costs nothing in these parts-let's return to the melons and peaches of Afghanistan.”
“As a man of 65, I prefer tea, which takes longer to prepare, and take even longer to taste it.”
“Remember, managers are hubs of communication (see Chapter 12). The better they communicate across these sphere boundaries, the more people they can communicate with, and the more data they have. This consequently leads to better decision making. Ultimately, stronger communicators make better-informed decisions, and hopefully they are more successful because they waste less time wondering what to do.”
“Forty-five minutes after the meeting began, I did something I’d never ever done before. I walked out of a meeting where I was a key player because I simply couldn’t waste any more time on this uselessness. Stood up, walked out, and slammed the door. Yes, it’s an emotional move that is almost always a bad move in business, but near the top of my list of professional pet peeves is the following: Do not waste my time.”
“I recently got into a war of words with a coworker regarding the proper solution to a problem with one of our products. As an aside, let me say that e-mail is never ever ever never ever the right way to resolve controversy. Too much subtlety is lost when you’re YELLING IN ALL CAPS at your program manager. Don’t waste your time solving problems in e-mail. Stand up. Walk down the hall. And look the person in the eye. You’ll live longer.”
“Zeit hat man nicht, Zeit nimmt man sich!”
“Time flies so fast for those who can't fly.”
“Rural culture is marked by a different sense of time, a different cosmology. At the core of rural culture, he says, is a belief that the universe is already perfect as it is, and that our duty as humans is to maintain that harmony. This was a sentiment I heard often from farmers as I traveled throughout the countryside . One farmer told me that the future is a created concept, and that in the fields, in the long dark of winters, there is no future, because every day depends on tending to the present moment. An act of care. In contrast, urban culture is centered on the belief that the universe must be constantly corrected on its course, and that life is defined by the pleasure of overcoming future challenges.”
“﻿Time is only one of the mysterious things that humans has created so far.”
“Our future waits for us to reach its presence in the most glorious way. And it is mutual. We wait to meet the future too. Indeed it's all about the future it IS all about the FUTURE. And one day in future we will return to him.”
“Philosophers of freedom were mainly, and understandably, concerned with how humans would escape the injustice, oppression, inequality, or even uniformity foisted on them by other humans or human-made systems. Geological time and the chronology of human histories remained unrelated. This distance between the two calendars, as we have seen, is what climate scientists now claim has collapsed. The period I have mentioned, from 1750 to now, is also the time when human beings switched from wood and other renewable fuels to large-scale use of fossil fuel—first coal and then oil and gas. The mansion of modern freedoms stands on an ever-expanding base of fossil-fuel use.”
“When you stand at the edge of the desert, you think it can be broad. You think that crossing it can take a month at most. But two months pass, and three, and four, and every day means a step further in the dust.”
“Time and space, he thought. What a hodgepodge.”
“How was it that people were so obsessed with the passing of time? So far, she’d lived at least three lifetimes, and human count insisted on saying that she was 28. Human count had nothing on life. It had nothing on living.”
“I worked at three high altitude astronomical observatories and I ended up sick at all of them, so sick that I had to leave every time.”
“By the time I left Kitt Peak National Observatory, I had formed the opinion there was a cover-up culture there.”
“In my free time I am changing the world.”
“Sixty-seven-year-old Claudia, on a pavement awash with packaged American matrons, crying not in grief but in wonder that nothing is ever lost, that everything can be retrieved, that a lifetime is not linear but instant. That, inside the head, everything happens at once.”
“It is time to publicly acknowledge the biological toxicity of the Mauna Kea Observatories and to demolish them.”
“It is only a matter of time before the Space program kills a civilian with a piece of rocket or satellite debris.”
“The second decade after first working atop the 13,797’ Mauna Kea is a very risky time in the life of professional astronomy workers.”
“The second decade in high altitude professional astronomy is a very risky time for the biological functioning of a summit observatory worker.”
“Professional astronomers have been flying under the law enforcement RADAR and it is time for that to change.”
“There's only one earth, and one glorious sky One fleeting time, quickly passing us by To put our differences aside, and make everything alright For our one human race No matter what tongue, creed, color or faith”
“What is the nature of work? If it doesn’t involve nature, it’s work, and if you labor around ducks, then it’s more like meditation time.”
“All things do change; but nothing sure doth perish.”
“But memory and time aren't friends. They reject each other, they hurry in opposite directions, pulling the binding taut between them, threatening to snap. They fight, and we inexplicably lose. Memory and time. Always losing one as you go on with the other.”
“The longest day of sunlight comes at the beginning of Summer rather than in its midst. In consequence, all Summer long we are inclining towards Summer's end instead of building to a climax and then tapering off.”
“Stop managing time. Start prioritizing attention.”
“Time moves like a mountain. It comes so slowly that most don't even notice its passing. It will, however, crush thise who don't move before it.”
“It used to be thought that time travel was impossible. But that was in the past, before the future went back and made its predecessor come after, rearranging The Order and causing all animals on earth to be confused except for the ducks, who predicted this event in the year 2244.”
“I can say confidently that the extra time we spent slowing down to uncover the necessary truths was ultimately a faster path to a large and successful business.”
“Seven days is enough to achieve anything, and enough for everything that was achieved to fall apart.”
“Why one Thursday's child doesn't look at the other? Cause it was already a Friday.”
“Time, through it's unavoidable accumulation clogs our painful memories provided there are no regrets to oppose this process.”
“We all have limited time on this planet”
“Time was when a parent had the right to offer a child's life to the gods; to sell the child into captivity; to live by a child's sweat; to do all but cook and eat a child. But long after such visible exploitation was put beyond the pale, an invisible exploitation went on unchallenged, since[ sic ], owing its existence to its[ sic ] parents, the child was held to be indentured to them for an advance of sacrifices so great that a lifetime of service could scarcely hope to repay it[ sic ]. This was not called exploitation; it went by the name of love. Even in your time, when it began to be the vogue to set the young free, parental authority was still equated with parental love by all but the few poets and dissecters[ sic ] of the psyche who voiced their doubts. Like patriotism, parental love was considered sacred. But[ ] the pendulum had swung, as pendulums do, completely the other way. In my time,[ ] all other forms of love[ ] had come overnight to be accepted[.] [ ] [W]hat else is love itself but awareness at its highest pitch?”
“Time is Invasive”
“Alas, that so much of my precious time is spent with so little of God.”
“If all of time was not possible at once, then premonition would not be possible.”
“Aruna has long decided that she will only spend what little time she has on things that make her happy.”
“It's Time!”
“But people have no idea what time is. They think it's a line, spinning out from three seconds behind them, then vanishing just as fast into the three seconds of fog just ahead. They can't see that time is one spreading ring wrapped around another, outward and outward until the thinnest skin of Now depends for its being on the enormous mass of everything that has already died.”
“Every single second of your life shows up possessing enough opportunity to transform every single second that will follow. So you might think about what you’re going to do with the ten of them that it took to read this.”
“Life is a gift consisting of time and presence not all fully unwrap this gift because we tend to have no presence when there is time and when in life we find presence then we find the limited time.”
“When I get back to the time we shared together it always fluctuates current feelings and mould them back to the same we shared back then.”
“Of course, it wasn't possible to account for all the time. By the time you had written down what time it was, it was already later than it had been.”
“Acceptance is good but change is better.”
“When we see beauty, we’re seeing a part of ourselves, a reflection in time. Ask me the time, Zara.” “What time is it?” “It’s perhaps a time.” “Perhaps a time, what kind of a time is perhaps a time?” Zara asks, somewhat curiously amused. “The ‘that’ part, that’s the part of the kind of ‘perhaps a time’ we’re talking about.” “What’s the ‘that’ part?” “It’s the part found in anytime.” “Anytime?” A confused look knits on Zara’s brow. “Yes, ‘perhaps a time’ is ‘anytime’, but you need a place, ‘anyplace’ to find anytime.” “Anyplace to find anytime? Do you have any idea how mad you sound?” “Oh, it’s such a colorful thing this void of mine. It’s all sparkly, fluffy and light, twinned with the inevitability of life. Besides, I only sound mad when I’m ‘anywhere’, dear.” “Where the hell is anywhere?” Zara asks, this time very confused. “Sometimes it’s up, sometimes it’s down. Anywhere oh anywhere a place we sow confusion all around.”
“Time is currency. Be careful how you spend it.”
“If you waited for today, you missed your tomorrow.”
“English: "For the existence of time or illusion of its flow, there must exist something that is not in all possible states at the same time. In my opinion a free consciousness or protoconsciousness is that thing." Česky: „Aby mohl existovat čas či iluze jeho plynutí, musí existovat něco, co není ve všech možných stavech najednou. Dle mého tím je svobodné vědomí nebo protovědomí.”
“English: "When something does not exist in a way we imagine it, it does not mean the thing doesn't exist at all." Česky: „To, že něco neexistuje tak, jak si to představujeme, neznamená, že by to neexistovalo vůbec.”
“But he calls down a blessing on the blossom of the may, Because it comes in beauty, and in beauty blows away.”
“They live in the opposite of the past. I said, You mean the future? No, Ry. The opposite of the past is the present. Anyone can live in a past that is gone or a future that does not exist. The opposite of either position is the present.”
“Love is where you find the meaning. Those seven years I was with her contained more than anything else. Do you understand? You can take all the years before and since and weigh them next to those, and they wouldn’t stand a chance. That’s the thing with time, isn’t it? It’s not all the same. Some days – some years – some decades – are empty. There is nothing to them. It’s just flat water. And then you come across a year, or even a day, or an afternoon. And it is everything.”
“Be ready to walk away. Remember, you only want this deal, you do not need this deal.”
“O Time, consumer of all things! O envious age, thou destroyest all things and devourest all things with the hard teeth of the years little by little, in slow death. Helen, when she looked in her mirror and saw the withered wrinkles which old age had made in her face wept and wondered why she had twice been carried away.”
“In those moments that burst alive the present lasts for ever, and I know there are many more presents to live. I understand. I understand you can be free. I understand that the way you stop time is by stopping being ruled by it.”
“This now-ness is the only reality we know; it follows the colored nothingness of the no-longer and precedes the absolute nothingness of the future. Thus, in a quite literal sense, we may say that conscious human life lasts always only one moment, for at any moment of deliberate attention to our own flow of consciousness we cannot know if that moment will be followed by another.”
“As time goes by we are flooded with an ever increasing sea of pseudo-science this although truth is one's purpose is simply companionship, friendship, love.”
“Perhaps there was a time for allusions but this is the time for conclusions.”
“Yo pienso que en esto radica el sentido de la creación literaria: en la descripción de objetos ordinarios tal y como quedarán reflejados en los espejos amables de los tiempos futuros; en encontrar en los objetos que nos rodean la ternura fragante que sólo la posteridad podrá discernir y apreciar en los lejanos tiempos venideros en los que cada minucia de nuestra aburrida vida cotidiana se convertirá en algo exquisito y festivo por derecho propio”
“You got to remember that you don't own time, it's time that owns you.”
“I'm not totally engaged with the man, rather, the clock on the wall behind him. About six, but ticking slow and tocking even slower.”
“ my head full of that winter's notions, with that winter's flavor: because each season of each year - could it be each day, each morning and evening? - has its own taste, distinct, entirely forgotten, till you taste it again.”
“Heute habe ich nur noch zu wenigen meiner Cousins Kontakt. Von den anderen weiß ich kaum, wo sie wohnen. Wenn ich oder meine Eltern Verwandte treffen, dann nur, weil man sich aus Versehen bei den Großeltern über den Weg läuft, nie, weil man es will. Die Familie gibt es nicht mehr.”
“What do I mean by “locked in time”? I mean, first of all, that we characteristically view mobile phenomena in immobile terms. We see processes like love and education as established circumstances rather than as complex temporal organisms whose lives depend on regular nourishment and renewal. Conversely, we tend to accept our own fear, weakness and ignorance as chronic disabilities rather than facing them, as we should, with the awareness that they are temporary and surmountable. Like still cameras, our minds consistently convert motion into stasis. In our language about time we resort to rocklike absolutisms – creation, completion, means, end, permanence, annihilation – terms whose static and extreme implications make them poor approximations of history and experience… We have little use at all for that most subtle and suggestive of words, renewal.”
“To those of us who spend entire days, if not lifetimes, concentrating on a series of brief and insignificant things, the present has barely any meaning at all; we become tiny timorous things, caught in the inch of space between the “in” box and the “out” box. While we may share the common illusions about a mobile present and a free future, we spend most of our lives housecleaning the past – maintaining commitments, counterbalancing errors, living up to expectations, mopping up our own postponements. In this sense, as in others, we shuffle backward into the future, unaware of our enslavement to time or of the simple freedom of new beginnings.”
“You can try to organize your experience but you can not actually control time itself. Try to enjoy moments of rest when they come. The waiting is part of it.”
“Xin Ming, Origin is the present moment. ”
“While it's true you don't have all THE time in the world, you do have all YOUR time in the world. You have literally your entire life to live with yourself, to adapt, and to accomplish goals.”
“Ilf Time Never Flew by Stewart Stafford If a horologist froze time at dusk, And there was no day or night, Or days, months, and years, What then for Earth’s masters? Winged time stilled in a bell jar, A castaway preserved in aspic, Or stickily-entombed in amber, Statuesque life an infinite daymare. Boredom creeping up slowly, A lockdown without progress, The horologist would thaw time, Freeing reality’s ebb and flow. © Stewart Stafford, 2022. All rights reserved.”
“If Time Never Flew by Stewart Stafford If a horologist froze time at dusk, And there was no day or night, Or days, months, and years, What then for Earth’s masters? Winged time stilled in a bell jar, A castaway preserved in aspic, Or stickily-entombed in amber, Statuesque life an infinite daymare. Boredom creeping up slowly, A lockdown without progress, The horologist would thaw time, Freeing reality’s ebb and flow. © Stewart Stafford, 2022. All rights reserved.”
“It was at the moment of the fall of day when every man may pass as handsome and every woman as comely.”
“Life could be so wonderful; if only we knew what to do with it.”
“A year doesn't matter; ten years are nothing. To be an artist means not to compute or count; it means to ripen as the tree, which does not force its sap, but stands unshaken in the storms of spring with no fear that summer might not follow. It will come regardless. But it comes only to those who live as though eternity stretches before them, carefree, silent, and endless.”
“But you have to believe that eventually life will sort all of it out, and it might not be what you imagined, but it'll be right at the time.”
“Nostalgia is possibly the greatest of the lies that we all tell ourselves. It is the glossing of the past to fit the sensibilities of the present. For some, it brings a measure of comfort, a sense of self and of source, but others I fear take these altered memories too far, and because of that paralyze themselves to the realities about them. How many people wonder for that past, simpler and better world, I wonder? Without ever recognizing that truth that perhaps it was they who were simpler and better, and not the world about them.”
“It is about pausing constantly to ask, “Am I investing in the right activities?” There are far more activities and opportunities in the world than we have time and resources to invest in.”
“I have enormous affection that grows rather than diminishes with time, for the I that I painfully cose from the many, my I. How we love—all of us—our chatty little imp. The toil begins when we toss him into the world so that he’s loved as much as we love him. An impossible thing. Disappointment follows the toil.”
“As to time and space? Time for love and space to embrace.”
“To be impatient means never really living, being always in the future, in what will happen, but which is after all not yet here. Do not impatient people resemble spirits who are never here in this place, and now, in this very moment, but rather sticking their heads out of life like those wanderers who supposedly, when they found themselves at the end of the world, just looked onward, beyond the horizon? What did they see there? What is it that an impatient person hopes to glimpse?”
“You can stop the clock, but not the time.”
“We are like that. Each one of us no more than a tiny glimmering things, a sparkling droplet on the waves of time which flow past beneath us into an unknown, misty future. We leap up, look around us and, before we know it, we vanish again. We can hardly be seen in the Great River of time. New drops keep rising to the surface. And what we call our fate is no more than our struggle in that great multitude of droplets in the rise and fall of one wave. But we must make use of that moment. It is worth the effort.”
“Take it easy; success takes its own time to take shape. It can't be expedited by anxiety.”
“Past the azure mist, out into the deep sky pierced with stars. They who watch our path as surely as they did our ancestors, as surely as they shall our descendants: watching all the small stories weaving across the vast journey of time.”
“Being with you or without you is how I measure my time.”
“She needs you to help her calm herself, and one important aspect of that is giving her space and time.”
“Optimal's logo reads: The Future Is Now. That annoys me because if the future is now, where is the present?”
“Easy choices aren't always easy and hard ones can be easier. It's only with time.”
“An instant is converted into a moment, minutes into hours, days pass into months, months into years, and years into centuries. This world was born and died, the universe expanded and collapsed, and sometimes I wonder if you know I am still waiting for you.”
“The sad thing about sadness is it comes at the wrong time for the right thing.”
“Time teaches all things.”
“We humans like to operate in three-second bursts of emotion. A three-second greeting, a three-second wave goodbye. Infants rambling sentences and gesturing wildly: three seconds. More primally, we breath deep in three-second bursts, we chew food in three-second bursts. Same in the animal kingdom. A giraffe chews a leaf, a panda has a scratch, a kangaroo takes a dump. Three seconds. A whole world turning in three-second life-units that builds upon themselves to form a truly wondrous twenty-four-hour miracle . . .”
“The large scale structure of the universe we observe today was formed from small quantum fluctuations which have been amplified by gravity over 13.787±0.020 billion years. But why difficult when truth is simple? The origin of self is self not wanting to be by itself and the purpose of self is companionship otherwise known as love; so love, simply love.”
“Any feature of the world at a future time can be computed from the configuration of the present. That is, the passage of time can be replaced by a computation, which means that the future is logically a consequence of the present.”
“Today went down in history because we couldn't let go of the past.”
“Everything is in existence.”
“What happened a second ago is not any less a thought than what happened a thousand years ago.”
“Fluidity is our ability to jump between two comfort zones without challenging our comforts.”
“We need comfort zones, but remaining static in a comfort zone is stagnancy.”
“The greatest waste of time is the time that we spend trying to convince ourselves that we’re not wasting it.”
“Our actions derive their direction from our dreams.”
“The cycle is king in the domain of time.”
“Do what is right at the right time, To make it right at the right time”
“What are you doing?' 'What we should all be doing,' Clover closed his eyes. 'Biding my time.' 'What's the difference between biding it and wasting it?' Clover saw no need to open his eyes. 'Results, woman. Results.”
“जिन्हें उगना होता है वे तो पत्थर का सीना फाड़ के भी उग जाते हैं और जिन्हें नही, वे अत्यन्त उपजाऊ भूमि में प्रयाप्त संसाधनों के बावजूद भी नहीं उग पाते हैं। आप भी आसानी से कंही भी किसी भी परिस्थिति में उग (सफल) सकते हैं। आप सम्पूर्ण हैं और आप मे प्रकृति को नियन्त्रित करने और चलाने वाली ईश्वर की असीम शक्ति निहित है। यदि आप सक्रिय इच्छाशक्ति के साथ किसी विचार को पकड़ लेते हैं, एक राह चुन लेते हैं और उस पर दृढ़ता से चलना शुरू कर देते हैं तो आपके लिए नए मार्ग अपने आप खुलते चले जाते हैं और आपकी सभी प्रार्थनाएँ, सपने, इच्छाएँ अन्ततः साकार रूप धारण कर लेती हैं। मैं परमेश्वर से प्रार्थना करता हूं कि आपकी जो भी चुनौतियां हैं, उन्हें पूरा करने में आप सफल हों। मैं उन से आपके उत्तम स्वास्थ्य, सुदीर्घ और मंगलमय जीवन के लिए भी प्रार्थना करता हूं।”
“We would rarely waste time if our existence were earned.”
“Part of what makes things better in time is that you yourself get better. You grow into your own. You hone your skills. You learn to embrace who you are and find strength in that identity.”
“Being rich is having time. The less stuff you own the more time you have for what truly matters.”
“The wealthiest have health, time and inner peace. They know the rest is optional.”
“I am not suggesting that a bird, say, with her fleet heart, experiences more in a short life of three years than we do in that same period but that her actual perceived life may be longer than three years. The measure is mysterious; the time of the bird's life expands beyond our typical calculation in ways that we cannot understand, at least not yet. is it possible that some people, too, experience this time/space portal, allowing more experience to billow within and around them?”
“All things the long and countless years first draw from darkness, then bury from light; and there is nothing for which man may not look. The dreaded oath is vanquished, and the stubborn will.”
“Time really is a circle; I can see that now. We are trapped between a past we can't return to and a future that is uncertain.”
“I look around me and think, there are the choices I've made. The people I've loved. No matter how fleeting this was, I need them to believe everything mattered. This life was enough. But it's not true, of course. Nothing will add up to enough. I wish someone has told me that the end of a life is a complex equation. Years dwindle into months, months into days, and you must count them. All my dreams and bedtimes with a boy in dinosaur pajamas must be squeezed into hours, minutes, seconds. How should I spend them?”
“It is a mystery to me why some mere minutes transform into moments, hovering outside of time. And how they ebb and flow, stirring wonder and the ache for more. I know the love of a God who is beyond all wanting, but the more I live, the more I want and want and want.”
“But time is merciless in its passing.”
“We navigate by capitalism. Always had, probably always will. And one of the things about capitalism is it demands we think of our lives as in deficit. Not enough time, not enough material possessions, not enough luxuries. Not enough anything. Because contentment doesn't sell. Desire does.”
“There is only a little violence here and there in the language, at the corner where eternity clips time.”
“The century was ending and he had some complaints.”
“I am uncomfortably, acutely aware of the passage of time, and have lived much of my life with a sense that the time that I have been granted is, as they say, borrowed.”
“I am increasingly unsure of the division we put between the past and the present. It seems, the more time I spend wandering the land, seeing the things my parents saw, and feeling the same things, almost as if I am, at times, them-as if our biological progress has been so infinitesimal that there's no significant difference between us-that there is no true fence, no stone wall, between the present and the past: that we construct (out of fear, or hunger for the future, gluttony, these fences behind us; that we turn our backs on who and what we really are-who and what we still are.”
“Everything is temporary here so don't make permanent statements about anything or anyone in this world.”
“The light moved within itself and flared up. A pillar of light tore into the darkness and there it found matter that had been immobile forever. It struck it with full force, until it awoke God in it. Still unconscious, still unsure what He was, God looked around Him, and as He saw no one apart from Himself, He realised that He was God. And unnamed for Himself, incomprehensible to Himself, He felt the desire to know Himself. When He looked closely at Himself for the first time, the Word came forth –it seemed to God that knowing was naming.”
“Re-runs are a way of life.”
“Saturday your day away today!”
“Is it time to dump the change management approach and work on the evolution attitude?”
“Every human is sitting on a time bomb. Technological explosions can happen anytime and will change everyone’s life forever.”
“Time for family, and, or, the people who mean the most to you, has to come first.”
“Time is unstoppable; some things you try to move along, others you try to slow down. Knowing what’s worth attempting to influence is the key. Mudflap, Over and Out !”
“Men do wrong to lament the flight of time, complaining that it passes too quickly and failing to perceive that its period is sufficiently long; but a good memory, with which nature has endowed us, causes everything that is long past to appear to us to be present.”
“If the scarcity of time is the reason for not learning, we first need to learn how to manage our time.”
“It's when you paint yourself into a corner that the paint dries very slowly.”
“We have always been, and will forever be, stood up by the future.”
“The present moment is all that reality was, is, and will forever be made of.”
“In order for Japan to become an equal member of the international community, the western perception of time had to be accepted. The western calendar was adopted with much complaint in 1872, with the decision that the third day of the succeeding twelfth month would become the first day of 1873. The decree added: On this day a ceremony…will be held, and the Emperor will inform the sun goddess and the imperial ancestors of the change…. The day will be divided into 24 hours instead of twelve two-hour periods, as hitherto.”
“Our repeated actions can change the meaning of words over time.”
“Time dedicated to self improvement and development; is time well spent and wisely invested.”
“They are democratic with their time—communicating with everyone equally and making sure all team members get a chance to contribute.”
“There was no hurry. Time was something he had as much of as he needed.”
“Time didn’t have meaning for him. Time had come to a standstill, the world stopped where it was, everything as still and immutable as the mountains and the sun in the sky.”
“To keep on looking at one's wristwatch, just in order to convince oneself that time is passing is absurd. Time has never yet stood still just because a person is bored and stands at the window, not knowing what he is thinking.”
“You don't walk to kill time but to welcome it, to pick off its leaves and petals one by one, second by second.”
“In good times and bad, it’s wisdom to know that neither lasts forever.”
“The best honor you can give to anyone is to show respect for their time.”
“While I lay there in the cave, another vision came to me. Someone with one black and one white wing wielded the Spear of Stars. But it was not the same Fate I knew. They stood over the bloody body of Time. The end of Time is in the hands of Fate.”
“There is something called destiny which is above all our desires. Only time can tell if the decision was indeed good”
“Start working on your dreams Before anyone else starts working on your dreams.”
“I wish him luck fitting in my tight schedule.”
“Spending time with friends, being able to laugh, and encouraging each other while pushing our own personal abilities highlighted my experiences in the sport. We bonded through this shared appreciation for being out in nature and attempting climbs together. No matter the age or background of the participants, climbing was a unifying undertone tone that created instant friendships.”
“Generation after generation, my family’s old people sat at this window to watch the year. There are beds in this house where babies were born, where the same babies died eighty years later.”
“You can't cram a week into one day, but you can cram a lifetime of happiness into one.”
“Celebrate, respect and worship Time…because we all rise, fall, grow, evolve, learn and unlearn through Time. We are all a product of the Time we go through. Eventually, of course, everyone and everything passes on with Time! So, Time is the greatest teacher and healer!”
“Time is neither the past nor the future. It's the present moment that disappears in a microsecond. It is a spark that only exists for a moment. Are we capturing sparks or their ashes?”
“For it is so with time and memory: the seed of our deepest feeling is buried under the rush of a momentary and violent one, there is in all feeling a quality of deception and evasion, and the meanings of the spirit become evident only in the light of a dispassionate distance,”
“Sometimes, it’s not about right or wrong, it’s about friendship.”
“The time wasted in finding one’s self is not wasted, it is earned.”
“When they are awake, the spiritually asleep—the vast majority of people—are under the illusion of stepping into, or out of, the present moment.”
“Seasons Fore by Stewart Stafford Winter elbows its way to prominence, Placid Spring gradually lays on the land, To presage Summer’s teeming exuberance, Before Autumn messily rents all asunder. Niveous shroud, promising blossom, Roaring greenery and russet capitulation, Four seasons and their intricate combinations, Alighting passengers in another year of life. Nature’s window dressing encircles, Time’s passing at the grandfather clock, As heartbeats throb and ebb eternally, The closing of an eyelid, our pacemaker. © Stewart Stafford, 2022. All rights reserved.”
“Everything loses relevance in the rapidly changing world, including time.”
“Time dims everything, even the worst horrors, it interposes itself, minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, month by month, and it is so immense that ultimately what happens completely dissolves and is gone. It is there, but so much time, so many minutes, hours, days and months lie in between that it can no longer be felt. And it is feelings that count, not thoughts, not memories.”
“Vive la vida como si fuese un segundo, porque el tiempo que te queda puede ser solo eso.”
“I have all this empty time in front of me. Tonight and tomorrow and the week after and the next month and all down through the years as I never marry and become a dried-up woman. Evenings spent folding paper. Days cleaning someone else's house. Free afternoons spent shopping a bit, stopping in tea shops because my feet hurt. That is what lives are, aren't they? Attempts to fill our time with activity designed to prevent us from realizing that there is no meaning?”
“Time was as thin as hope.”
“It takes time to have a friend, but no matter how long it takes; try and make one.”
“There is no time between lives.”
“Time is movement.”
“There is no time, only movement which gives us a perception of time.”
“Teleportation and Time Travel are possible without using vast amounts of energy. They are as easy as just a single thought, but to understand how it works, we have to first understand ourselves, the universe within and our place within both.”
“Life stops when my universe ends.”
“Time is made up of movements.”
“Monday gives me the winter chills in summer. So have a great day!”
“I'm flummoxed by this unraveling of time, I'm losing my grip on myself. I know that nothing awful will happen on the other side of the door. If anything, I'm about to have a perfectly forgettable day: a class to teach, a meeting with colleagues, maybe a movie. But I'm afraid of forgetting something crucial—my cell phone or my identity card, my health insurance or my keys. And I'm afraid of running into trouble.”
“Thinking about this cage he lived in, this prison where it felt like he'd spend the entirety of his life, cradle to grave, measuring the distance between his most modest hopes and all the cheap regret he actually ended up living. You passed your time in the cage, he figured, by clinging pointlessly and desperately to an endless series of unfinished sorrows.”
“In the sea, perhaps, time itself is slowed by the water's weight and viscosity. Even with just my hands in Kali's or Octavia's tank, time proceeds at a different pace. Perhaps, I muse, this is the pace at which the Creator thinks, in this weighty, graceful, liquid manner-like blood flows, not like synapses fire. Above the surface, we move and think like wiggly children, or like teens who twitch away at their computer-phones, multitasking but never focusing. But the ocean forces you to move more slowly, more purposefully, and yet more pliantly. By entering it, you are bathed in a grace and power you don't experience in air. To dive beneath the surface feels like entering the Earth's vast, dreaming subconscious. Submitting to its depth, its currents, its pressure, is both humbling and freeing.”
“Daisy empezó a cantar, a acompañar la música con un susurro rítmico y ronco, y de cada palabra extraía un significado que nunca había tenido y que jamás volvería a tener.”
“Bisognerebbe avere almeno tre vite dici la prima per gli errori necessari la seconda per non sbagliare mai la terza infine per sbagliare nuovamente ed essere felici”
“There is no more obvious indicator of the passage of time than children growing in your absence.”
“You believe you have Time - You do not have Time, you have Life; What you do with it is up to you.”
“Kostbare tijd, die niet meer te achterhalen is, heb ik vermorst.”
“There is a limit circumscribed to your time - if you do not use it to clear away your clouds, it will be gone, and you will be gone, and the opportunity will not return.”
“To achieve something big in this world gather your energy and throw it forcefully in only one right direction.”
“death is a five o'clock door forever changing time.”
“When you look into the abyss, it's not supposed to wave back.”
“Time is the same regardless of how much you pay for the watch.”
“Thoughts are what make the universe real.”
“Time flies and never falls down”
“You are the past that your future wants to forget.”
“How to juggle training and family, as well how to find a few moments of "me time" in your schedule.”
“Training, doing something for myself, makes me happier and more appreciative of the time I have with my son. Being a runner makes me a better mother, and being a mother makes my running better.”
“Something [Williams] is really good at is shutting it off and focusing on family time and personal time.”
“Balance mom time and me time.”
“Goucher is writing above about her goals for her upcoming race in Houston and how her priorities have shifted. “It’s not about the time. It’s about the love of putting in the work and then putting one foot in front of another.”
“Balancing parenthood with the lifestyle of a professional climber is tricky and it certainly helps to have a supportive partner. For me it has been quite a juggling act to manage all the demands on my time in both my personal and public life. But like climbing itself, the most challenging experiences are usually the most satisfying. Motherhood is certainly more challenging than any climb I’ve done, but there’s nothing greater than the sense of love I feel for my child.”
“Despite the inherent risks of climbing, I still love to climb and I never plan to give it up just because I’m a mother. However, I am much more selective about the risks I take. …One of the biggest challenges of motherhood has to do with juggling my time between work, climbing, and the daily responsibilities of raising a child. But whatever climbs and travels I might have missed during the formative years of my son’s life are small sacrifices compared to the love and richness Owen brings, and hopefully will contribute to others as part of the future generation.”
“Time returns with the blood of Eternity.”
“Mogelijk als wij zo wat oudachtig worden, wil dat zo goed niet meer. Alles, zegt de wijze man, heeft zijn tijd. En 't is ook zo; ik ondervind het zelf wel.”
“What would happen if we took the time each day to quietly celebrate our accomplishments and focus on the positive?”
“New Year is a perfect time for new adventure.”
“We don't have time, okay? Don't be stupid," I snapped, frustrated. He leaned in, his eyes searching mine. "All we have is time.”
“When I listen to that distant call [of the cuckoo], I become freshly aware of a sense of oneness with everything that exists. At such moments I come to see that everything is flowing together like a timeless river, and I become thoroughly convinced of this reality. The invisible becomes clearer than the visible, and the eternal becomes closer than the present. ,,, One of the tragedies of modernity is that artificial sounds are making it impossible to hear the sounds of eternity. They are cutting off the sounds that come from within the deepest part of us.”
“The right place at the right time never comes to people standing still.”
“So what if we would have forfeited money on a vacation? In the grand scheme of things, losing dollars is nothing compared to losing time.”
“People waste time for the right moment and we don't have that luxury because we're about to die, I want to say it as many times as I want-I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you" (Rufus 343).”
“The words of the Bible are sources of spirit. They carry fire to the soul and evoke our lost dignity out of our hidden origins. Illumined, we suddenly remember, we suddenly recover the strength of endless longing to sense eternity in time.”
“FACT!: Time goes slower on a Friday afternoon.”
“To waste time is to waste your life.”
“You put the, 'Sun' into my day. Happy Sunday!”
“The most important thing I learned on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present and future, always have existed, always will exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just that way we can look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is just an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever. When a Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a bad condition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of other moments. Now, when I myself hear that somebody is dead, I simply shrug and say what the Tralfamadorians say about dead people, which is 'So it goes.”
“Under a certain state of being, when the rational mind shuts down, Time and Space as our minds perceive them, change. So, if we are conscious enough, we can expand Time and compress Space.”
“It is impossible to waste time prolonging your life.”
“Look at all three levels: relaxing, resting and sleeping, and keep a diary for one week to check on how much time you are allowing for each on a daily basis.”
“These include some of our most common New Year’s resolutions: exercising regularly, eating healthy foods, and focusing on self-care activities like getting sufficient sleep and dedicating time to rest and relax.”
“Time never stops for anyone. It is slipping out of your hands every moment. Every moment is precious so make sure you use it wisely”
“Time will always be invested and spent by anything that is living. It is impossible to be saved.”
“My father would work 6 days a week. He lived for his family, got his kids in college retired then passed away before he was able to enjoy it. That had a profound effect on how I viewed time, life and work.”
“Life eats away at out future.”
“I’m living in the future, so the present is my past. My presence is a present, so you can kiss my ass.”
“And they lived Happily Ever After for Eternity-----which 'GRAMPs' would say: "Is a Right Smart Piece of Time.”
“Monday makes me feel like the week is only just beginning.”
“I am a Tralfamadorian, seeing all time as you might see a stretch of Rocky Mountains. All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber.”
“The desire to take a moment and make it last forever. The desire to stay like this for much longer than it will really last.”
“Ninguno de ellos sabía por qué estaban allí o lo que harían, pero sabían que tenían que esperar, y que la hora se acercaba”
“How can we turn back the years of time when all that we seem to do is move forward?”
“At midnight turn the clocks back and make the night yours again.”
“President Trump’s COVID-19 lies demonstrated what he has done for a very long time: Habitually lie.”
“At midnight turn back time and you will find that the night is still young enough to enjoy.”
“We are at a time in history where the smart will maintain a body chemistry that is distinctly different from the masses.”
“My work is to inhabit the silences with which I have lived and fill them with myself until they have the sounds of brightest day and the loudest thunder. And then there will be no room left inside of me for what has been except as memory of sweetness enhancing what can and is to be.”
“If you don’t resist it, once critical people have had their say, they’re done with it. Say “Thanks for being honest” or “Thanks for taking the time to let me know how you feel” or “Thanks for caring so much.” Simple, subtle, and sweet.”
“In the light of the bathroom, I see lines on my face. They almost look like scars except I've never been cut by anything but time.”
“Don't hide behind the lies of prediction just because you do not agree with your future.”
“Hold on to her, son. For as long as time lets you.”
“TIME is an acronym I created for Today Is My Everything.”
“What’s it going to be? A life of time, or the time of your life? You decide.”
“This morning I stopped to watch the geese fly, even though I didn’t have the time to do so. And I realized that not having the time to do something might be the very reason why I need to do it.”
“After you achieve a goal or complete a project, the first thing to do is celebrate. Take time to congratulate yourself on your accomplishment, thank and be grateful for the people who helped you reach it, and indulge in areas of pleasure you might have had to set aside while focusing on your just-completed goal. Spend time on other important areas of your life, like self-care, family, and friends, that you may have neglected during your goal-striving efforts.”
“Life is the circle from which we never escape.”
“Timing is everything, if you wait for the right time, time will leave you at the same place.”
“Instead of doing a hundred things, do one thing a hundred times.”
“If the entire history of the Earth were condensed into a single day, one hour would equate to 200 million years, one minute to 3.3 million years and one second to 55,000 years. Life would appear as early as eight or nine o'clock in the morning, but human civilisation would not emerge until the last tenth of the last second of the day. From the morning that philosophers held the first ever debate on the steps of a temple in Ancient Greece  from the day slaves laid the first foundation stone of the Great Pyramid…… from the minute that Confucius welcomed his first disciple into the candlelit gloom of his thatched hut  right up until the moment you turned the first page of this book, only one tenth of the tick of the clock would have elapsed.”
“That’s because at the Flow Genome Project10 we study the relationship between altered states and peak performance, focused primarily on the experience known as flow. Defined as an “optimal state of consciousness where we feel our best and perform our best,” flow refers to those “in the zone” moments where focus gets so intense that everything else disappears. Action and awareness start to merge. Our sense of self vanishes. Our sense of time as well. And all aspects of performance, both mental and physical, go through the roof.”
“One who loses a million times in life definitely wins once.”
“I want you to have success and still have time for family and friends and relaxation and fun. I want you to be there for your kids, they need you. I want you to have a happy relationship with a partner who wants the same things you do.”
“Start getting rid of everything that’s dragging you down, everything you’re doing to meet other people’s expectations and demands. Those things have to go. Handle that, and you already have more time for the meaningful, important elements in your life: family, kids, health… yourself.”
“When you understand the value of time you will realise what you have lost in this world.”
“Those who do not know the value of freedom or who think that something is more important than their freedom, they commit crimes.”
“O tempo é um juiz rigoroso.”
“I try to prepare my athletes for how fast time flies in competition. I tell them that it’s going to be over in a flash, with the hope that they’ll take the time to appreciate moments along the way. Like a parent sending kids off to college, I implore them to cherish every single moment and make memories. It doesn’t stop the competition from flying by, but they enjoy it more.”
“We break down our day and laugh about which of us fucked up the worst. There is no greater superpower than the ability to say “This is who I am.” Most people push that away, because they don’t want to be judged. Winners don’t care. They judge themselves, and live with the verdict. Think about how much energy and time go into trying to be someone or something you’re not. How much further along would you be if you put that same effort into being yourself?”
“Imagine if their wasn't really an afterlife, but instead a multitude of lives living simultaneously at once. So that when we dreamt, it was connected to our other lives. That means, when one life dies out, the rest keep on going on until there is only one left.”
“The weekend will always be hidden between days.”
“What we spend our time on will determine the course of our life. Who cares what other people think of us when we are busy living a brief life to the best of our ability? ”
“When you choose output value over time put in, you increase your available time and your value.”
“Two people can get the same result while one has all the time in the world and the other doesn’t.”
“A bad day doesn't mean a bad week or a bad month or a bad year.”
“When you have a choice, take your time and make the right choice because if you make the wrong choice, you will have no choice.”
“The story begins with your actions.”
“No time? If you do one thing a day, you will have done thirty things in a month.”
“Time is the substance I am made of. Time is a river that carries me away, but I am the river”
“Goals are dreams with time lines. Turn your vision into action with goal setting. Seek progress rather than perfection.”
“This Christmas, make it next Christmas.”
“I watch the coffee drip, thinking of not just how fleeting time is but how the truly magical moments in our lives are the simplest, and how we let them pass without a thought. We foolishly believe that somehow they will all last forever, that destiny will not show up at our door unannounced and knock when we least expect it.”
“In this digital age if you are not smart enough to take your steps then you can go to jail for anything”
“With time the world is getting smarter and if you are not keeping up with the times you will just live and die for no reason”
“Let the moon teach you the art of being beautiful and lonely at the same time.”
“Time is the greatest asset in the world, you are blessed if you still have time to do something you really love to do”
“Being alone and spending time with yourself is the most beautiful time you can live on this planet”
“This 21st century is one of the luckiest century ever and i am very proud to be alive in the 21st century”
“If you are not helping someone in their critical time then you cannot expect their presence in your critical time”
“Time is everything and it reveals the true face of everyone”
“Healthy life is an asset that will give you few extra hours to achieve your goals”
“There is no building in my town that can be built in a day”
“Success is about taking the right action at the right time”
“Time is limited and everything else is unlimited, achieving the unlimited in the limited is the real success”
“If you are not pushing yourself everyday to do some extra work then you will not get success on your expected time”
“When you stop using social media you will realise how much time you have wasted using social media”
“Time keeps us awake while dreaming.”
“Time to me is a renewable resource that pays infinite dividends when invested in purposed priorities.”
“One of the best things you can do for a relationship is become the best and most complete YOU that you can possibly be. Second best thing? Unconditionally love and support your friend/partner/child/spouse in prioritizing the same work in their own life—but not necessarily in the same way.⁣”
“It’s the little things that keep us going.”
“Take your decision at the right time and you will realise the value of both your time and decision”
“Life never gives you a chance to say goodbye so always sleep without regrets”
“The most important thing in life is how and for what you use your time”
“الزمن هو أساس الوجود وأساس وجود كل شيء.”
“Potato is still a potato but with time this world has changed so make sure you are not a potato.”
“Bad choices will always give you a good lesson”
“You have to figure out a way to make the time you spend with your family and the time you spend at work both extremely efficient and effective.”
“If a man has something that is the least and most, it is time.”
“We are so fortunate that we have everything to achieve everything.”
“If you really want to know how you can build a successful company, go and see how workers are building homes in your town.”
“Create a list of all the important areas of your life right now. The list might include sport, study, work, family, and friends. Next, rank each of these spheres in terms of personal importance, time spent on each.”
“Time corrodes feelings like an acid; it destroys them in the routine of seconds, of minutes, always identical to themselves. But we were an interminable present, a shadow materialising, a ghost taking shape. To taste and smell you was beyond imagining. You were real. We were real, amidst the cackling of tourists, the stifling heat, the eyes of passersby watching us smiling, and the Fountain in the centre of the square spraying water between our comings and goings of sex and laughter.”
“The new and threatening would become the old and familiar in due course.”
“When I consider the brief span of my life absorbed into the eternity which comes before and after-- as the remembrance of a guest that tarrieth but a day --the small space I occupy and which I see swallowed up in the infinite immensity of spaces of which I know nothing and which know nothing of me, I take fright and am amazed to see myself here rather than there, now rather than then.”
“If there is no hope in stopping a glass offrom overflowing, add more .”
“If there is no hope in stopping a glass of [water] from overflowing, add more [water].”
“A unifying characteristic of these pre-industrial societies is their sense of holism, and their understanding that everything is linked, that all actions have an impact on all parts of the system, and the whole is more important of the sum of its parts. To these traditional societies, progress is not seen, as it is in our societies, as a linear concept, moving along a straight line from the past into the present and into the future. In industrial societies, at each stage newer and more sophisticated things are invented, so that we feel that we are better off today than we were yesterday. in traditional societies, time is seen as a circle, ever linked to the eternal spin of the earth around the sun, and the cycle of life and death.”
“Life is not a journey, but a treadmill.”
“People who are trying to be the best get used to tough evaluations. They get used to high standards. Sometimes the evaluations come from coaches like Cal. More often they come from within. But it’s important that the evaluations come at the right time and are directed at the right stuff.”
“The truth of life is in time.”
“Time knows its tales.”
“Each minute the last minute.”
“Monday lets me look forward to the weekend.”
“Some books recognize good things take time, and that there's a time for all things.”
“Omicron is the time that the universe listened to life. It's just a shame that man didn't.”
“Why ways to brew coffee, when tea may be healthier.”
“He fled, not from his past, but to escape his future. It took him twelve years to learn you cannot escape either of them.”
“He fled, not from his past, but to escape his future. It took him twelve years to learn you cannot escape either of them .He had been a Kansas wheat-hand, he had herded sheep in New Mexico, he was again with a construction gang in Arizona and west Texas and then a longshoreman on the Galveston docks; if he were still fleeing, he did not know it because it had been years now since he had even remembered that he had forgotten the face. And when he proved that at least you cannot escape either past or future with nothing better than geography, he did not know that. (Geography: that paucity of invention, that fatuous faith in distance of man, who can invent no better means than geography for escaping; himself of all, to whom, so he believed he believed, geography had never been merely something to walk upon but was the very medium which the fetterless to- and fro-going required to breathe in.)”
“Fly, fly, fly little winged airy thoughts upon space and time.”
“If you can be Kind and Intelligent at the same time, you will be able to see the complete perspective, normally people are either too kind or too intelligent and that's when they miss the point !”
“And the curve in her lips paused time!”
“Sometimes, he said, you feel the irreplaceability of a moment in time—its perfect ephemeral uniqueness. Yes? You know?”
“Why don't one Thursday's child look at the other? Cause it was already a Friday.”
“But political passions are like all the rest, they do not last. New generations arise which no longer understand them; even the generation that experienced them changes, experiences new political passions which, not being modelled exactly upon their predecessors, rehabilitate some of the excluded, the reason for exclusion having altered.”
“Time​ is​ only​ relative when​ you're​ man.”
“Time only becomes relevant when you add in a destination.”
“Firing the arrow through the 4th, target through the 5th.”
“Shedding a tear [alone] is to see what others do not see.”
“If the ants were our size they would replace land with ocean, and ocean with land. Grasshopper. Ant.”
“Tomorrow is but a thought of today.”
“They say that “time is of the essence.” But what if time is the “essence” and the urgency is not in using it quickly before it’s gone, but in using it wisely while it’s going?”
“I can't wait to see him again, to hold my son's face in my hands and tell him how proud I am of him. We think we have time for such things, but there's never enough for all we should have said.”
“It seemed like a garden where no frost could wither or rough wind blow--a garden remembering a hundred vanished summers.”
“Not everyone has good intentions. Trust no one until Discernment and Time have whetted their words and actions.”
“- What is the tragedy of time? - Time can render one impotent beyond meaning.”
“If you with your knowledge of present and past recall that a certain man slipped on, say, a banana peel, or fell off his chair, or drowned in a river, that recollection does not mean that you caused him to slip, or fall, or drown. Correct? Of course it's correct! It happened, and you know it, but knowledge is not cause. Of course! Anyone who argues otherwise is a stupid ignoramus. Well, so with me. My knowledge of the future does not cause the future. It merely sees it.”
“Doing time in a Disposable Body.”
“One year? What wouldn't we give for one more year? A year is an eternity.”
“Everything will be ok”
“Commitment can be cash, but doesn’t have to be. Think of it in terms of currency—what are they giving up for you? A compliment costs them nothing, so it’s worth nothing and carries no data. The major currencies are time, reputation risk, and cash.”
“Time like space, is part of the permanent context of life. Time does not pass, we pass.”
“The best time of my life is when I have no concept of it.”
“When the sky is crying it starts raining. When human being cry then tears come from eyes.”
“Wouldn't you like right now to last forever?' Roger said as we lolled on the picnic slope. The afterglow of it lasted for days, for we bragged about it as if we'd just ascended K-2.”
“Ocean tides were not meant for the weak-willed. Diving in takes courage but it is foresight that governs its acts of fearlessness.”
“Time doesn't pass, Hans Thomas, and time doesn't tick. We are the ones who pass, and our watches tick. Time eats its way through history as silently and relentlessly as the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. It topples great civilizations, gnaws at ancient monuments, and wolfs down generation after generation. That's why we speak of the 'ravages of time'. Time chews and chomps–and we are the ones between its jaws.”
“Tongue speaks words but your way of talking tells truth .”
“I know everything, you see,' the old voice wheedled. 'The beginning, the present, the end. Everything. You now, you see the past and the present, like other low creatures: no higher faculties than memory and perception.”
“If time does not tell your story, maybe you did not have one.”
“• Boom Age [ ] • Co-operation Age [2°21-11-11] • Space Age [ ]”
“There is no time for philosophy.”
“If one understood history's laws, then one could control history's chronology, wresting it away from capitalism, already intent on monopolizing time. We wake, work, eat, and sleep according to what the landlord, the owner, the banker, the politician, and the schoolmaster command, Man had said. We accept that our time belongs to them, when in truth our time belongs to us. Awaken, peasants, workers, colonized! Stir from your zones of occult instability and steal the gold watch of time from the paper tigers, running dogs, and fat cats of imperialism, colonialism, and capitalism!”
“I pleaded with God, I asked and begged and bargained, but God did not bargain. God was stubborn and deaf and oblivious. And she died and I lived and a hole opened up, dark and bottomless, and I fell down and kept falling for centuries.”
“An ant crawls across a sliver of sun on the concrete, from darkness into a patch of light back into darkness. Sound like anyone you know? Others follow, their paths labyrinthine, their obscurity abrupt. Far above, contingent and transitory as ants and cursed with the fragility this entails, the cluster of gasses recently nicknamed the sun seeps across the boneyard of Time toward its own demise.”
“What are we and why are we here? This question loses its power as soon as you come up with an answer. This question opens the door of eternity while its answer keeps you locked inside time and space.”
“Happiness, and peace, should be independent of time.”
“I find it useless to be always cautious of time if we want to be happy and peaceful. Happiness, and peace, should be independent of time.”
“Time skimmed past us like an ice skater.”
“But time flowed in a river going one way, and she was on it for only a short while.”
“Everything ends. It's just a matter of time - and how you want to spend it.”
“If there is no hope in stopping a glass from overflowing, add more water.”
“A promotion usually increases the amount of money we can spend on our loved ones, but decreases the amount of time we can spend with our loved ones.”
“There’s still time left. The best thing I can do is to make the most of it.”
“Time takes life away and gives us memory ”
“Você segue e segue mais adiante…e de uma caminhada como essa jamais voltará a tempo, pois você escapa ao tempo e o tempo escapa de você.”
“is it too much to ask for someone to simply be excited that they get to spend time with me?”
“It was here long before me, and I always assumed it would exist long after. Perhaps that’s what hurt the most; realizing the fleeting nature of even the most monolithic of objects.”
“Time has only one actuality, that it will pass either as it wishes or you wish it to.”
“It happened so fast. It had been happening for decades.”
“Walking paths through woods, forests thick with pine and oak and birch, sunlight specking the path between the lace of needles and leaves, I've come across stone walls through trees, away from the path, miles from the road. There's something haunted in them. Long-gone farmers deposited these rocks here, held them, placed them, and in that effort, in the solid thing that remains, their human presence is felt, and their goneness. These walls service as a chain backwards through time.”
“El dar la vida a un niño no es sólo darle el gran Regalo de la Vida. También es arrebatarle ese mismo regalo inconcebible.”
“الشعر: أن تُوقف الزمنَ لحظة لكي تهبها الأبدية”
“There's not a now, only a wave propagating through then to when.”
“Time is relatively useless if you don't make it productive”
“Taking Time I need a day of nothing, a reprieve from the spinning merrygo-round of my life. Shrug it oﬀ like an old winter coat and hang it by the door. I need a day where I am not asked, wanted, or noticed. To know there is a wall of silence between me and everything else”
“Você segue e segue mais adiante…e de uma caminhada como essa jamais voltará a tempo, pois você escapa ao tempo e o tempo escapa de você.”
“My grandfather said the sfumato described a psychological and spiritual transition between states of being. This transition was infinite and that’s why we, living in the finite, didn’t understand it. Some called it the Void. But that wasn’t sfumato. We chased the Smoky Dragon. We rode the dragon. We were the dragon. Finite time was our dance audition. Eternity was opening night.”
“There were an infinite number of pathways your life could take. How do any of us really know what to do with our lives? And how, after seventy years, do we know whether it was all a waste of time?”
“A day doesn’t go by where a day doesn’t go ‘bye.’ Therefore, you might consider what you doing with it before it’s done with you.”
“There is no Prison big enough to hide the Truth.”
“დრო სიზმარივითაა, იქ წყდება, სადაც თვითონ მოესურვება.”
“It was my first time going out in two hundred years. I walked along slowly.”
“Show me anything whereof it may be said, "See, this is new," and I will show you it hath been.”
“During those years of deprivation and suffering, I had learned many things that could be helpful in the lives of others. Because the life of any man has its share of suffering; We have all touched despair at times and have wondered why God allows evil to befall us or those we love. In the fields I saw a lot of suffering around me; I myself was on the verge of succumbing to despair and, in the darkest hours, I learned to look to Allah for comfort and to trust Him alone.”
“Skorri heldur því fram að ein af ástæðum þess að tíminn er okkur svona mikil ráðgáta sé að við hugsum um hann út frá þrám okkar annars vegar og minningum hins vegar. Þaðan komi aðgreining okkar í fortíð og framtíð. Hins vegar séu minningar og þrár sama fyrirbærið. Þú manst það sem þú þráir, þú þráir það sem þú manst. Nei, lífið er svo sannarlega ekki einföld saga fram á við. Fortíðin bíður fyrir framan okkur. Lífið er hreyfing í áttina til hennar.”
“Make time for yourself. Diligently. Purposefully. Daily. The affairs of the world will go on forever – even long after you are gone. But do you want to die having lived a Life that you wish you had rather not lived at all? If you want to live a different Life, you need to make time for yourself. Now!”
“The past happened, and the future will happen, now.”
“You can wear an expensive watch and still be late.”
“We have become a culture that glorifies busy, but there’s great benefit in creating Stillness in your life and reclaiming your time.”
“I realized that liking or not liking someone was irrelevant. It was the time in history that you shared. A time binds you to another person just as passions tie to you to the dead.”
“Hear the echo from your soul. Many answers bounce off of the infinitum of the here, the before and after.”
“Love heals what time cannot.”
“We are two hands of the same clock - as you tick, I tock.”
“ La ley natural del universo es la entropía, todo tiende al desorden, a romperse, a dispersarse, la gente se pierde, miren cuántos se perdieron en La Retirada, los sentimientos se destiñen y el olvido se desliza en las vidas como neblina. Se requiere una voluntad heroica para mantener todo en su sitio.”
“She felt that her memories had turned to muscle and been stretched over her bones so that she couldn’t move without them. It had gotten so there was nothing in her future. Only a series of reactions born from her past.”
“Let me think in pictures again. If I imagine heaven metaphorically dazzled into colours, the pure white light spread out in a cascade richer than a peacock's tail then I see that one of the colours lay over me. I was innocent of guilt, unconscious of innocence; happy, therefore, and unconscious of happiness. Perhaps the full sheaf of colours is never to be experienced by the human being since if they experience these colours they must lie in the past or on someone else.”
“I am in no rush. Let Life happen to me just as Life has planned. Because at the end of the day, when the sun sets there is always a horizon somewhere waiting to call forth another sun, in a paradox of Time. Because at the end of each chapter, the story walks towards its culmination. But just like it is not in the setting or rising of the sun but in the sunshine that one basks, just like it is not the finishing line but the voyage through the storyline where one finds the true understanding of the book, Life is about exploring the voyage all the while knowing full well that each chapter shall find its beginning middle and end just how it's meant to be. It is about the truth that Life is but a dream in Time's illusion and the only sharp truth is to love and be loved, and through that assemble moments in Time that smile beyond Time, to make a garden of experiences through lessons and understandings that Life puts at our journey only to walk us closer to our destination. It is not about the destination rather about the journey, and perhaps about who we share the journey with at each crossroad. And no matter how Time walks by, until and unless we cross all the alleys along the way, until and unless we climb up the peak bit by bit, we cannot reach that destination where we belong. But if we tread along the mountain peak or a winding alley soaking in all the freshness of the air enjoying the crispness of our walk, the journey becomes even more enriching not just to our soul but to all of our senses and our very heart. While if we try to run along the way, we might actually topple down a bad turn, taking in a scar that might demand another cup of our soul's portion to heal. Such is Life. A journey that takes smiles and tears, a voyage that bathes in hope and hopelessness, but in all of it, it never stays stagnant, always tiptoeing to exactly where we are meant to be, at any point of our journey. So when something seems to go stagnant or few things make no sense, I tell myself to pause and pat my soul acknowledging each and every decision or detour of mine as part and parcel of Life's plan. I close my eyes and breathe in the freshness of air that flows in every part of my soul to know, to feel alive to all that this journey has shared with me, while believing in the grace and magnanimity of Time who takes Time but eventually shows and leads us to where we belong. And I hear my heart smiling, Let Life happen to me just as Life has planned. I am in no rush.”
“Looking up at the stars so far away, I begun to feel there was a thread running between the earth and them. Another thread was strung out too, connecting the past to the future, with the ichie at one end, dying all that long time ago and waiting for me to find it, I didn't know what was at the other end of the thread. These two threads were so long I couldn't even begin to measure them, and and where one met the other, there was me. My life led up to that moment, then led away again, like the tide making its highest mark on the beach and then retreating”
“Every night, when you stand outside and gaze upon the stars, you are bathing in time as well as light”
“Time was always a foreign concept in nature; us trees simply don’t feel its presence.”
“Wealth can be created, but time cannot. The wealth you create is contingent on the time you put in. So, use all your time.”
“The great things are never outdated by time or technological advances. Rather, they are the things that time and technology cannot move forward without.”
“Keep it low with people, they’re not good for you.”
“Carpe Diem, Seize The Day, Gather Ye Rosebuds While Ye May”
“Out of all the assets that money can buy, time is not one of them.”
“Morning. Sitting in the courtyard, coffee. An old pair of jeans and a messed up damaged old black shirt cigarette in hand words being channeled from someplace somewhere nowhere places unknown without a destination. You're an artist without a canvas. The world is your canvas. Your life is the canvas. You've got to at least create something, say something, do something while you're sorry ass still remains tethered to this planet. Some people call this life, some people call this earth while others just call it purgatory. I suppose in the end that it's all up to you. Make the most of it because it ain't coming back around.”
“It’s not about how you feel now but all the time and effort you put in that makes success worth it.”
“ there’s different ways of experiencing time. And one is the kind of time that you and I know really intimately, which is tragic time. And we know what it’s like to feel that heightened present where everything really matters because you have to make choices, because everything you love is so precious. And also, we know that we can’t live there forever, because we are just not — we’re not built to live that edge, that close to the edge all the time. And then there’s — he reminded me of ordinary time, or pastoral time. Anyone who’s a farmer knows there’s sowing and reaping time. And I was always, the more I was into tragic time, the more I was a little judgmental about that. I was like: It sounds very boring; it sounds very commonplace. But that’s the — who’s picking up your mom on Tuesday? Did you send that email? Have you made that phone call? It’s all the wonderful, stupid, ordinary stuff of day-to-day life. And like, that is also necessary and good. And then there is something that we’ve all experienced together, very recently, which is apocalyptic time. It’s the feeling that there’s a heightened — that we know that the future is not guaranteed and that there is a kind of lightness and darkness and — like binaries. We’re kind of wrapped up in binaries about how we’re seeing the world. And we experience apocalypticism with our environment: like wildfires and global warming… and fear of — and we see it and we feel it. We experience the apocalyptic time when we see the scope and magnitude of racial injustice, as we understand that structures are not just broken but that they collapse in on people, and that the weak are not sheltered, and that the poor are not cared for, and that far more people are not given the luxury of invulnerability, and can’t and won’t. And in all these forms of time, we have this feeling like we’re seeing things as they really are — like that feeling when you count your kid’s eyelashes and you think, “I see the whole world in just right now.” But the truth is, all of them are true, and we toggle between them all, all the time. And so we just can’t live in any one version for too long, frankly, without not really seeing the scope of — what the wholeness of our lives require.”
“By now I'm sufficiently acquainted with the fatal succession of nights—Borges said this, I believe—to understand that no distraction or idea can stop time from being realised and the future from arriving.”
“Nonetheless, its future is known, much as one might wish to ignore it: the photo will live briefly in somebody's memory, and then become dormant once again—that is, in no one's active memory—and after that it will hibernate in some electronic corner of the world for a long time before disappearing for good. In the other photo, which I took so as to capture the entire building from the ground up, you can make out, on the eave or cornice above the doorframe, several patches of peeling paint.”
“You can always earn more money but your Time and Relationships won't come back. Make an effort to enhance Relationships, because that's the key to your happiness.”
“As time is always running, we should say the clock has legs rather than hands.”
“The truth is, time does not heal all. If it did, we’d begin this year ready, matured, confident, letting go of the past and prepared for the future and anything it might bring. But time does not heal all. Only love can do that. I do believe reason and personal growth heals what time cannot, but that’s just the beginning. Be the most loving person you ever met and you’ll find that not only can you heal yourself — you’ll be a part of the world that heals others.”
“Do you want to perish in time?”
“For our lives to have meaning, we must love; otherwise, our time on Earth has been wasted.”
“Have you ever wondered, or even asked yourself, "What does my life look like five years from now?" I think we all have a certain question in our mind, maybe not the one I mentioned, but a thought that stays with us every day. I've dealt with this, but not anymore. Life's too short, I don't have time to waste on that burning question that makes my life feel like, something is just not right. I go after that question without hesitation, and won't rest with a burden in the back of my mind.”
“Soma may make you lose a few years in time,' the doctor went on. 'But think of the enormous, immeasurable durations it can give you out of time. Every soma-holiday is a bit of what our ancestors used to call eternity  Of course' Dr Shaw went on, 'you can't allow people to go popping off into eternity if they've got any serious work to do.”
“You see, time and circumstance are everything. You can’t stop what is meant to happen, and you can’t force what isn’t fated to occur.”
“Log acche ya bure nahi hote, accha ya bura toh waqt hota hai.”
“Servant of God: In this cave, you will not age a moment. Dor: I deserve no such gift. Servant of God: It is not a gift.”
“Do you now understand why I say the future and the past are the same? We cannot change either, but we can know both more fully.”
“Jealousy is the fuel of relationships and marriage. At the same time, envy kills affection in love.”
“O multicoloured hours!… Moments like flowers, minutes like trees, O time frozen in space, time dead from space and covered by flowers, by the fragrance of flowers, and by the fragrance of the names of flowers!…”
“It is foolish to waste time in order to save money.”
“The future exists only in the shape of our present apprehensions and hopes, and the past merely as memory.”
“This space that has been granted to us rushes by so speedily and so swiftly that all save a very few find life at an end just when they are getting ready to live.”
“A flower is seen only toward the end of its life, just-bloomed and already on its way to being brown paper.”
“Mindfulness is the art of experiencing the nonexistence of the past and the future.”
“The house was inherited. Death had furnished it for her. She trod in the dining-room on the Turkey carpet of her fathers; she regulated her day by the excellent black clock on the mantelpiece which she remembered from childhood; her walls were entirely covered by the photographs her illustrious deceased friends had either given herself or her father, with their own handwriting across the lower parts of their bodies, and the windows, shrouded by the maroon curtains of all her life, were decorated besides with the selfsame aquariums to which she owed her first lessons in sealore, and in which still swam slowly the goldfishes of her youth.”
“Quit saying you don’t have the time, and simply admit it’s not a priority.”
“It is only the time that stays and inspires changing every day, which no one can stop.”
“show me the city that does not mourn its fallen whose pillars embrace white coffins and freeze time and distort space”
“Looking back, she said, she realized that history consists of nothing but misfortune, and the troubles that afflict us, so that in all our days on earth we never know one single moment that is genuinely free of fear.”
“Too much opportunity, too less time”
“My life had been frozen in time and now that I had permission to thaw, the world had changed.”
“Without ACTION, reading nonfiction is a waste of time”
“In der Ewigkeit aber, siehst du, gibt es keine Zeit; die Ewigkeit ist bloß ein Augenblick, gerade lang genug für einen Spaß.”
“where time has grazed my body”
“Only the coward says, time and tide wait for none, the valiant lives and works to build new time and to cause new tide.”
“everything seems difficult, until you change the ways and look at life from different angle”
“At last, after creeping as it were, for such a length of time along the utmost verge of the opaque puddle of obscurity, they had taken that downright plunge, which, sooner or later, is the destiny of all families, whether princely or plebian”
“ the present is also, as its name suggests, a gift. It doesn't suggest longing or loss. It's just a present, a gift, a time with no strings attached which is totally ours, to use however we want, however we please. There are days when I find the future overwhelming, with all the bright lights and commotion.”
“Zaten saatle insanı birbirinden pek ayırmazdı. Sık sık, ''Cenab-ı Hak insanı kendi sureti üzerine yarattı; insan da saati kendine benzer icat etti '' derdi. Bu fikri çok defa şöyle tamamlardı: ''İnsan saatin arkasını bırakmamalıdır. Nasıl ki, Allah insanı bırakırsa her şey mahvolur!'' Saat hakkındaki düşünceleri bazen daha derinleşirdi: ''Saatin kendisi mekan, yürüyüşü zaman, ayarı insandır  Bu da gösterir ki, zaman ve mekan, insanla mevcuttur!”
“All we who write put me in mind of sailors hastily making rafts upon doomed ships. When we break up under the heavy years and go down into eternity with all that is ours our thoughts like small lost rafts float on awhile upon Oblivion’s sea. They will not carry much over those tides, our names and a phrase or two and little else. They that write as a trade to please the whim of the day, they are like sailors that work at the rafts only to warm their hands and to distract their thoughts from their certain doom; their rafts go all to pieces before the ship breaks up. See now Oblivion shimmering all around us, its very tranquility deadlier than tempest. How little all our keels have troubled it. Time in its deeps swims like a monstrous whale; and, like a whale, feeds on the littlest things--small tunes and little unskilled songs of the olden, golden evenings--and anon turneth whale-like to overthrow whole ships. See now the wreckage of Babylon floating idly, and something there that once was Nineveh; already their kings and queens are in the deeps among the weedy masses of old centuries that hide the sodden bulk of sunken Tyre and make a darkness round Persepolis. For the rest I dimly see the forms of foundered ships on the sea-floor strewn with crowns. Our ships were all unseaworthy from the first. There goes the raft that Homer made for Helen.”
“The present moment is as old as existence … and as long as eternity.”
“Spend time to study.”
“El presente contiene el pasado y el futuro, aquí y ahora, ayer y siempre.”
“From gallery-grave and the hunt of a wren-king to Low Mass and trailer camp is hardly a tick by the carbon clock, but I don't count that way nor do you: already it is millions of heartbeats ago back to the Bicycle Age, before which is no After for me to measure, j ust a still prehistoric Once where anything could happen. To you, to me, Stonehenge and Chartres Cathedral, the Acropolis, Blenheim, the Albert Memorial are works by the same Old Man under different names : we know what He did, what, even, He thought He thought, but we don't see why.”
“Luck or no luck, you will get what you suppose to get. You will be who you are supposed to be. You will be where you are destined to be. Just don’t give up on yourself and don’t be too hard on yourself.”
“To live humanly is to know how to control every thing in its proper place.”
“Ten Minutes With Me It's 9:15 am on a Friday morning and I would rather have my respiratory system cease to function, than to deal with myself today. It's now 9:17 am and the guilt of not being thankful to be alive sets in. I am often told that life is a gift and if I see it any other way, I should be ashamed. It's 9:20 am now, I wonder if I will ever settle into this skin of mine, without the urge to rip every piece of flesh & fiber from my bones. It's now 9:24 am on a Friday, I find comfort in knowing that one Friday I want have to see 9:25 am anymore. A. STARR”
“Mistakes can be forgotten but wasted time can never be earned back.”
“While I was washing my face, I began to cry. The tears mingled easily with the cold water, in the luminous, dripping crimson of my cupped fingers, and at first I wasn't aware that I was crying at all. The sobs were regular and emotionless, as mechanical as the dry heaves which had stopped only a moment earlier; there was no reason for them, they had nothing to do with me. I brought my head up and looked at my weeping reflection in the mirror with a kind of detached interest. What does this mean? I thought. I looked terrible. Nobody else was falling apart; yet here I was, shaking all over and seeing bats like Ray Milland in The Lost Weekend. A cold draft was blowing in the window. I felt shaky but oddly refreshed. I ran myself a hot bath, throwing in a good handful of Judy's bath salts, and when I got out and put on my clothes I felt quite myself again. Nihil sub sole novum, I thought as I walked back down the hail to my room. Any action, in the fullness of time, sinks to nothingness ”
“we can work at our own pace and still be successful”
“We must be willing to follow the road less traveled, for exploration will yield a richer and more fulfilling life experience.”
“Busy people have goals and productive people have priorities”
“Don't make plans with me and cancel them without letting me know. You are wasting my time and costing me my future. The time I am waiting on you , I would have done something valuable and profitable.”
“You, reader, believed that there, on the platform, my gaze was glued to the hands of the round clock of an old station, hands pierced like halberds, in the vain attempt to turn them back, to move backward over the cemetery of spent hours, lying lifeless in their circular pantheon.”
“Without time, nothing happens. Without space, nothing is.”
“Look to expand beyond the daily grind, and find activities that are new and exciting.”
“Through building of habits, many decisions that previously involved active thinking and consideration become second nature.”
“Always strive for continuous improvement.”
“The harsh reality of our existence is that we will forever face times where we will need to partake in both enjoyable and unenjoyable activity.”
“Today’s society has an obsession with electronic entertainment.”
“When your Spouse or Partner invests their time informing very 'dick and harry' about your marital or relationship issues, tarnishing your name and destroying your marriage or relationship in the process, find your exit because YOU and that Marriage or Relationship were never of VALUE to them.”
“Sixty seconds is a long time on the battlefield.”
“Approach people with good intentions and love, there is nothing more precious in this world than time, good intentions, and love.”
“Lara. The power of the Triangle is the power of a god. Take that power, and every other person in the world becomes a bit player on your stage. Their lives become figments of a dream that you're having." — Lord Richard Croft”
“Eso es lo malo del tiempo: solo fluye en una dirección.”
“In the air the birds are clever, acrobatic, but when they land on the road they turn to lumps of coal, then lift together when a person or vehicle draws near. She watches the flight eddies, the trading of partners, the way the patterns form, dissolve and reconfigure like one machine in motion-yet each bird with its own small, muscled heart at the same time that she carries a knowledge that she's been seeing these birds year after year (and always here) and that the medium they pass through is not just space but also time.”
“Mine still, this moment passes by, escapes me, and is buried forever. Am I going to commit myself with the next? I make up my mind: it is here, it belongs to me--and already is long since past. From morning to night, fabricating the past!”
“Each moment we live exists, not the imaginary combination of these moments. A New Refutation of Time ”
“His mind had forgotten the pathway to his voice.”
“It is never too late or too soon. It is when it is supposed to be.”
“Once you hit the Pause button, it gives you time to Think. Thinking is essential if you want to create new awareness, so you can respond thoughtfully to what comes your way.”
“You are the father of earthly time.”
“I'm looking for the oldest pocket watch you have.”
“When Aureliano told her, Pilar Ternera let out a deep laugh, the old expansve laugh that ended up as a cooing of doves. There was no mystery in the heart of a Buendia that was impenetrable for her because a century of cards and experience had taught her that the history of the family was a machine with unavoidable repetitions, a turning wheel that would have gone on spilling into eternity were it not for the progressive and irremediable wearing of the axle.”
“You find time the same place you find spare change: in the nooks and crannies. You find it in the cracks between the big stuff—your commute, your lunch break, the few hours after your kids go to bed.”
“Either it shall pass or you will get used to it.”
“Unlike people from any other time in history, we know what we are looking at when we look up upon the night sky.”
“We may try to convince ourselves that we could never possibly make a valuable contribution to humanity, whether it be through invention or sharing of thoughts. Stop that nonsense.”
“We must never forget to show genuine appreciation for those who accompany us on life’s journey.”
“No matter how old we are or what life experiences we have incurred, we are never too old to make mistakes.”
“We must realize that no one escapes the bounds of time. The clock is ticking.”
“In the case of large projects, a change of perspective can come from the technique of chunking - where a large effort is taken and broken down into more manageable components.”
“Memories provide an anchoring mechanism in defining what we must emphasize in the present to achieve the future we strive to obtain.”
“It is such a blessing that we can find endless support through our friends and family.”
“Maintaining a commitment to learning ensures acquisition of knowledge and solidification of a mature worldview.”
“The first step necessary in addressing the shortcomings of our lives is to acknowledge them.”
“Pursuing an escapist mode of living where we chase the false pretense of constant enjoyment will only further drive us into a state of distress.”
“Greet today with a smile, and a bigger smile yet tomorrow.”
“Often, the most substantial opportunities of our lives will blindside us.”
“Upon incurring the wrath of our own mistakes, we may barrage ourselves with a flurry of unnecessary self-downing behaviors.”
“Neither good periods of life nor bad periods of life are bound to last forever.”
“Delving head-first into acceptance of changes mandates an embrace of the temporality of all things.”
“We must commit to change; we must commit to the daily challenge of bettering ourselves no matter the obstacles.”
“Now, get out there and start reframing your perspective – one step at a time.”
“This life exists as a competition with oneself - no one else.”
“We must stop beginning our sentences with ‘I wish ’ and substitute for ‘I am grateful for ”
“If you do not have hopes or dreams, I implore you to brainstorm something to fill the void.”
“Despite an overwhelming assertion of self-knowledge, we will find ourselves cyclically falling victim to our own devices.”
“You work very diligently to secure a life you are proud of.”
“It is incredibly important to remain receptive to the meandering flow of time.”
“Through the process of maturation, we drive toward a sense of independence and slowly detach ourselves from our families – paving our own path through individuality, friendships, romantic endeavors.”
“We may have hobbies that spur a great deal of passion, where we toil hours on end to obtain a sense of perfection.”
“Mistakes are not always a clear indicator of lack of effort or incompetency.”
“Regardless of similarity, no two journeys are ever the same.”
“Given the amount of spare time we might have for ourselves in a given week, it is all the more important that we are in complete alignment with what we enjoy in life.”
“Forcing oneself toward peak performance on difficult days only incites further strain.”
“Errors tell us that we are trying new things, using different approaches, or thinking in such a manner that does not conform to normalcy.”
“A wise man once said, “Time doesn't exist. Time is a man-made concept used to perceive something that we can neither explain nor experience to the fullest due to our limited sense of perception. More precisely, time is an abstract concept that is used to measure the worldly distance between different events. The only time we have is now!” The wise man happened to be me.”
“You will find that joy is infinitely more accessible, and sustainable, when you are constantly seeking self-improvement.”
“We must actively work to fend off frivolous distractions and activities that will not cultivate a state of growth and bliss.”
“When you find yourself completely and utterly idle, move.”
“Society pushes us into patterns that deny us the chance for spontaneity.”
“Exercising an awareness for the present moment ensures nothing in our lives is missed.”
“Let's face it - we know ourselves better than anyone else! But, do not disregard the perspectives that others can provide.”
“It is not feasible to influence our existence if we do not know what we wish to obtain from the world.”
“If you are unhappy with the ‘you’ of today, remember that tomorrow is another opportunity. Seize the day.”
“Do you take time out of your day to show appreciation for those who add meaning to your life?”
“We must still make a sincere effort, but accept our mistakes and misgivings whenever they arise.”
“If you do not chase your dreams, you shall exist to fulfill the dreams of others.”
“One of the most substantial tools that can be leveraged is the power of perspective.”
“The future owes us nothing.”
“Under the state of willpower depletion, we are more likely to break habits that hold dependency on resiliency and discipline.”
“Why would we want to pursue something that may only bring us inner turmoil?”
“Despite the vast complexity of the human brain, we are still susceptible to the more animalistic nature that exists within each of us.”
“Achieving a solid mental state enables us to better cater to our physical needs (and vise versa).”
“The more we practice mindfulness, the more power we pull away from the enemy within us.”
“Know that we will never be fully in control of the flow of time, and know that this reality is OK.”
“If we are unable to drive forward toward a vision of the future, our present day loses meaning.”
“Do not measure your life using someone else’s ruler. In doing so, you are committing a great injustice to yourself.”
“At some point, we find ourselves reaching maturity and establishing lives of our own. Childhood is a blip on the radar.”
“How will you start performing self-love as a habit in your daily life?”
“Our lives are often so busy that we forget to stop and observe the world around us.”
“Along the way – did we ever consider asking ourselves whether the thoughts, feelings, and inclinations acquired along the way truly reflect who we want to be?”
“Humanity and failure are synonymous with one another – the human race has a destiny to fail, because we have a destiny to grow.”
“We may become so entangled in our web of pressures and expectations that we may forget the role we play in dictating how we feel on any given day.”
“We must be aware of the amount of time invested in idle activities, as such endeavors do not serve to provide any path toward self-improvement.”
“Obstacles are presented to us as an opportunity for growth.”
“Interpersonal bonds transcend time; you will always hold a strong connection with your loved ones, regardless of short-term quarrels.”
“Alarm bells should be going off in your ahead as soon as you start living for the weekend as the sole source of reprieve and relaxation.”
“Throughout life, the scope of your goals and aspirations will constantly change and transform.”
“If we educate ourselves sufficiently and realize the long-term health implications of unhealthy food choices, we will very readily pivot away from junk food.”
“Time is life, life is time.”
“Some people seem to want to dive deeply into the soul of another, swimming in their endlessness.”
“If we are not presenting ourselves with nuanced experiences and new knowledge, we will never be allowed to grow.”
“Falling victim to bad habits brings damaging effects upon our health or wellbeing.”
“At the very least, we owe it to ourselves to operate as our biggest fan wherever possible.”
“It is critical to truly fulfill your purpose and contribute to the betterment of humankind. No two journeys look the same.”
“One’s personhood is wholly shaped and defined by personal experiences.”
“An instrumental component of the human formula is our insatiable need for interpersonal connections.”
“We often to fail to notice what great emptiness comes with a life spent avoiding emotion.”
“The sheer amount of knowledge in our world is overwhelming!”
“How we choose to react to circumstances that arise holds substantially more weight than the circumstances themselves.”
“The key to adopting novelty is to understand what it entails: introduction of unplanned choices or pursuits.”
“It is necessary for us to incur mistakes to refine the intricate art of existence.”
“Think back to your early childhood, where everything was nuanced and a new adventure was just around every corner. Do you seek nuance in your life today?”
“We are raised under the watchful eyes of guardians, who embed their own hopes and aspirations within us.”
“Do not believe in the falsehoods of material wealth.”
“Both happiness and sadness exist as fleeting states. Once we are able to acknowledge this, we acquire tools of resiliency to propel us through periods of struggle and a level of respect that will allow appreciation during times of bliss.”
“If we subject ourselves to the same ‘cookie cutter’ patterns day in and day out, the perception of time’s passage accelerates substantially. Nuance slows time.”
“Accept any amount of progression with a sense of comfort.”
“Lacking future-set aspirations deprives us of a critical mechanism of motivation.”
“We are subject to a society that bombards us with temptation to buy the latest gizmos and gadgets to appease our social circle. Stop living to impress others.”
“When we act, are we considering the future implications and outcomes?”
“Our jobs, families, hobbies, and holistic breadth of obligations will always exist to compete with time reserved for reflection.”
“We need to consider the components of our life that are less than ideal. Acute focus will yield areas for improvement.”
“Regardless of how old we are or what stage of life we are in, we must always maintain a positive outlook and an eagerness to learn.”
“वक्त की सबसे ख़ास बात ये होती है कि वो गुज़र जाता है।”
“Be adventurous in the way you approach personal development.”
“Use verbal affirmations to provide a positive reinforcement for your efforts.”
“No matter how old we are, or how many years of formal schooling we may have taken, we will forever hold a personal responsibility for personal growth.”
“Achieving a mixture of both short term and long term goals provides a healthy composite of feedback, where we reap the rewards of our efforts on a consistent basis.”
“If you pay too much attention to time, in certain tedious moments, it slows down to punish you.”
“At times, it can be incredibly difficult to look past our imperfections, given the high expectations set by our family and peers.”
“We may perceive circumstances at hand to be more that can be bared. Remain steadfast in the face of struggle.”
“Pressure from society and our guardians might prompt us to set our aspirations aside in favor of a path that is not our own.”
“Never deprive yourself of an opportunity to chase your ambitions.”
“Do you frequently encounter days where you run out of the mental energy necessary to accomplish your goals?”
“Each day brings forth its own set of hurdles.”
“Have the courage to indiscriminately accept the instances where you fall short of goals, and leverage the lessons learned to march forward with an even greater sense of tenacity.”
“When deconstructing life into its finest components, there is very little that we require to live and thrive.”
“Be present in this moment.”
“I assure you; a day without your mobile devices will not spell doom for your ability to grasp enjoyment.”
“Do not allow the gift of individuality to go to waste.”
“Consider self-love to be any activity that helps to alleviate the emotional burdens of daily life.”
“For deep-rooted issues, there is no shame in seeking out professional help.”
“On days of struggle, try showing yourself kindness and give yourself enough time for your emotions to settle.”
“Making the conscious decision to chase your dreams is not for the faint of heart.”
“We are constantly tied to our phones, computers, televisions, tablets, and any other device imaginable. Dedicate some time to disconnect.”
“If your dreams no longer resonate with you, it may be time to begin questioning your aspirations.”
“We must permit ourselves to heal and move forward.”
“There are times where life is unfair to us; we may experience poor health, financial struggles, or emotional turmoil. Remain steadfast through the storm; the clouds shall part in time.”
“If we do not have a basis by which we encounter undesirable outcomes, we will not come to understand the prerequisites of obtaining desirable outcomes.”
“The internet has done a tremendous job in making information readily available for all to see.”
“Resist the urge to auto-pilot through life.”
“You are worthy of all non-material facets of life that will bring you opportunities for personal growth and fulfillment.”
“It is a Someday, when we’re gray and lined like handwritten scripture – we sit content to lose our memories and minds together, glowing brightly, in and out of time”
“Without sufficient attention, we lack the mechanism necessary to remove ourselves from immediate danger.”
